# 93 Father and Son - unusual activity with father being expert, son being unskilled - 400 words

"Daaaaaaad!"  the boy screams hanging from the edge of the wall.  His blond, unkempt hair obscuring his face as the wind buffets the edge of the wall.

"It's okay, Bobby, I've got you, just sit back into the harness,"  the man says as he pins the rope against his leg.  The belay device cams into position, locking the rope.  Bobby sits back in the harness, and his hands pry away from the wall, leaving him dangling above the ravine below.

Bobby's arms flail at the air, tears streaming down his face.  The ocean air is a mix of salt and sand as he breaths in quick breaths.  The pounding of his heart downs out his father's words.  The rope lets out, and Bobby's breath is gone, heart pounding, he let's out a cry, a high pitched banshee wail that reflects off the cliff and is swallowed by the ocean.

Inch by inch, the ground approaches him, and his cries turn into silent sobs until his feet touch the ground, solid for a moment before he collapses to the ground.  His words are punctuated by sharp, moist intakes.  "It was so high, daddy, the rocks."

The father bends down and scoops his son up into his arms, moving him away from the rocky ground, placing him gentle on the blanket.  "It's okay, Bobby, you did okay."

"Bu-But, I didn't make it to the top."  His sobbing has subsided, and he sits up, brushing the sand off of his legs.

"Making it to the top isn't always the goal when climbing.  Think about what you did right."

"I… my arms didn't tire out this time."

"Right, so what does that mean?"

"I used my legs more."  Bobby's face flushes with warm and the edges of his mouth turn up slightly.

"Exactly!  So that wasn't a wasted effort."

# 104 What If… Rewrite a moment of history (700 words)

"That's bullshit!" Simon brushes his hands against his overall pants, a cloud of smoke dancing across the low hanging sun.

"I'm telling you, my daddy remembers, he has pictures." Alex spits on the ground, and pulls the baseball bat up to his shoulder.

"Lincoln was not shot by an actor, your paw is a liar.  Time Cops from the future shot him.  Everyone knows that."  Simon throws the ball towards Alex, the bat cracks loudly against it, sending it flying into the corn field.

"Gosh damn it, Alex, now we ain't got a ball."  Simon turns around and starts walking towards the corn field.  Alex kicks up some dirt as he runs to Simon's side, "anyway, you ever seen a time cop?"

Alex shakes his head, "Time cops are sneaks, you don't know they are there."

"My daddy says time cops ain't real."

Alex punches Simon in the arm, "Your daddy also believes in the boogey man.  Lincoln was having an affair with one of those time cops, so that's why they came back to kill him, to close the loop."