"You will come to appreciate the importance and satisfaction of wrangling data the right way."

Dominic sits in his cubicle, excel spread open across the screen.  His vision blurs, the table of numbers melding into a single, monotone gray.  The sense of falling takes over him, and the wind whips through his hair.

He rubs his eyes, clearing the blur from them.  An expanse of green pasture sprawls across his vision to the horizon.  The scent of morning dew makes its way into his nose, and he breaths deeply.

In the distance he sees a thin brown line breaking the otherwise continuous green of the pasture.  He begins the walk toward the line with quick steps, his heart pounding in his ears.  *Where am I?* The line grows in his vision to a small fence, and he sees, nestled in the grass, small dots of color in various shades.  In the middle of the fenced in area, he sees a large red dot.  His eyes linger on the dot for a brief moment, before it begins to charge at a neck break pace towards him.

The red dot bashes into the fence and stumbles backwards.  "Shit!" he exclaims as he jumps back.  The red dot picks itself up, turning to square itself against Dominic.

"Why are you here, earth-landers?" its voice is hallow, and echoing.

Dominic shrugs, "What are you?"

"I'm an outlier!"

"Then why are you hanging around all these other points?"

"I have a prophecy to fulfill, a story to tell.  Would you like to hear it?"

Dominic steps closer to the fence, "Sure, what secrets do you hold?"

***

He woke up the sound of an engine firing.  *This doesn't make sense, the retro rockets shouldn't be firing right now*.   He unlatches the belt that holds him in place in the zero-g environment of the sleeping quarters, pushing hard against the small step attached at what might be the bottom.

He reaches out towards the handhold of the gravity-descent chamber, and clicks the door button.  The door slides open with a swosh, and a small chime lifted from an old sci-fi movie.  He smiles, like every time he hears the sound.  *So glad I hacked the system to add that sound.*

The gravity reasserts itself as he climbs away from the center of rotation, towards the outer ring of the station.  He shivers against the cold air of the descent chamber. *maybe I should have gotten dressed first*  He quickens his descent for a moment, and then slows down. *need to avoid gravity sickness.*

He makes it to the control room, and pushes in his access code, the station's computers chime to life, "Hello, Dr. Arneau."

"Lucile, why have the retro rockets fired?"

"You requested orbit descent at 4:59am, ground station time."

"Reestablish orbit, please."

"I'm sorry, Dr. Arneau, you gave explicit instructions to not resume orbit, and to continue with re-entry."

"Lucile, authorization alpha delta one niner eight tango, re-establish orbit."

"Authorization code invalid."

"Lucile!"

***

**A woman is standing next to a wrecked car on the side of the road.**

The overturned car is bellowing smoke, and she can hear the sound of a man, his breath ragged and uneven.  Jumping from her motorcycle, she dives to the ground, peering underneath.

His face is bloody, bruising already beginning to set in.

"Remain calm, sir."  She pushes up on the edge of the car, her back digging into the edge of the door.  "Can you get out now?"

The man nods and begins to crawl out.  The smoke roars into a fire, and the man frees himself from the car.  "Th-thank you."

"It's fine, get clear, the car is going to explode."

The man distances himself.  She locks eyes with him, and in slow motion, she watches the concussive force of the explosion pick the man up, and deposit him on his back further down the roadside.

The fire consumes her vision, the roar deafening.  *Oh, this sucks*  The leather of her motorcycle suit catching fire and turning black.  *goddamn it, another suit ruined.*

She exhumes herself from the burning wreckage, hiding from sight as the sound of sirens grow louder.