68. Interrogation
(interrogation by 2-3 ppl, informal (not military))
The room was dark when I entered, but the sudden inhalation as the door slammed closed let me know all I needed to know.  They were waiting for me.  Jim flipped on the lights, and moments later, my eyes adjusted to the new brightness.  I've always hated white walls, but painting them would have been too much effort.

Jim pulled himself up out of the chair, the visible strain expected from a man of his girth.  "Billy, we need to talk."  Fuck.  I looked around to notice Aunt Jennie sitting with Tim.  They hands were intertwined. Cradle robber, he was younger than me by a year.  Jim pushes me down into the chair that he vacated.

Jim paced away from me. "We saw the pictures, Billy.  Do you need money?  We can help you.  You don't need to do that."  I rolled my eyes.  Judgmental prick. "And if he's blackmailing you, we can go to the cops.  The news reports–"

I stood up, face red, blood pounding in my ears. "Go fuck yourself, Uncle Jim. You don't know anything about Sena–".  Jim was there in an instant, hand on my throat.

Spit flew out of his mouth, "Sit down your little shit." He pushed me down into the chair again.  His face beat red, and I could smell the whiskey on his breath. "We promised your mother that we would watch out for you."

I rolled my eyes waiting.  The silence hung awkwardly in the air, my eyes darted between Uncle Jim, Aunt Jennie, and Tim.

Aunt Jennie's fingers unlaced from Tim's, and she stood up, pulling a small card from her pocket.  She walked slowly over to me and handed me the card.  I read it and looked up at her, eyes locked on her's, pleading.  "It was just a date."  My voice had noticeably weakened.  "I didn't even know who he was, not really."  I hung my head and stared at the floor, eyes unfocused, blurred against the mixture of beige and brown.

13 God

When I focus, I can see individuals and events taking place in a specific time and place. It takes some concentration, to focus, though. Billy's family doesn't appreciate his dalliances with Senator Marrin, and in this instant in time, they are confronting him. Jennie Marples is not committed to this though.  She doesn't have the same hatred that Jim Marples has towards gay people. He speaks in my name, but failed to understand my teachings. Silly apes.  Jennie's mind is thinking about Tim Baric and how his body looked last night in the moonlight. She's fighting hard to not the smile appear on her face.  Tim is completely uncomfortable in that moment.  He didn't want to be here, but he'd do anything for Jennie, as long as she keeps buying him expensive things. And Billy Marples feels betrayed, by the senator, by his uncle, and by society.  Why should he need to lie about who he is. Sad little ape who just wants to be loved, just hold on, you have good times ahead of you, but not with the senator, but let's not get ahead of ourselves, this family drama is just beginning to unfold. Just one more moment.