# 110 (4am breakthrough - write a comedy about the end of the world) (target word count: 666)

Dear Diary,

So today was interesting.  Not a "Scott asked me out" kind of interesting, but you know, not all days can be like that.  Today, the world ended.  Impossible, you might say, how could I be writing in my diary if that was the case.  But let's be real here, some people have to survive the end of the world.  I'm one of the "lucky" few.  Yeah lucky, great, but I'm getting ahead of myself, let's talk about how this happened.

It was monkeys.  Well, apes.  You know that circus show with all the trained apes that juggle, dance, and fling fire around?  They took over.  Who would have guessed that they could figure out the launch codes for the missile command.  I know, right? I mean, how do they even know what missiles are.  

Anyway, missiles.  Apparently these monkeys, apes, whatever, are telepathic.  Telepathic primates! So they read the mind of a missile commander who happened to be seeing the show about a month ago, at least this is the story that the press was telling when they stormed missile command in Minot.

They snuck in at night.  Apes are good climbers, can you imagine?  Well, I guess they do spend alot of time in trees, anyway, they avoid all the security measures that were in place, and literally rip the heads off of the soldiers in the barracks.  Heads, clean off.  It's like that one scene in that movie.  You know, the one that Brandon yelled "holy shit" out in the theater.  Yeah just like that, ripped in two.  Pretty epic.  

They considered bombing the place, but like fucking PETA, came in all like "I can't believe you'd hurt these poor majestic animals.  Shame, Shame on you."  And the spineless talking head fuckers wouldn't take action.  Like PETA hasn't firebombed research facilities, killing the animals and people inside.  Fuck PETA.

So PETA chains itself to the building, protecting it, and it's not like people want to bomb other people, at least not ones from our country, so the stalemate goes on for weeks.  Apes inside, PETA chained, and tanks ready whenever.

The PETA people slowly start disappearing after the first week.  There are only like 5 apes inside the missile command thing, so they don't need much food, but I can imagine it probably ran out about the first week.  I'm pretty sure the apes started eating people.  Apes eat meat, right?  Anyway, PETA members start disappearing, and before you know it, bam, the missiles launch.

But of course, Russian, stupid fuckers, see that as an act of aggression, so they launch ICBMs back at us, and before you know it, fire is raining down from the sky.  Yeah okay, whatever, I live in the middle of nowhere, so it's not like we are a target.  My entire town of 500 survives the first round, but our missiles fuck Russian's shit up.

About a week goes by, the apes have blown their load, and the tanks blow them off the planet.  Then, the hoards start swarming inward.  Of course Russian targeted all the major cities, so the survivors start to swarm inland, away from large cities.  Suddenly, my town is trying to support 10,000 people.   I mean we have the space, but holy fuck, food is scarce.

What's left of the army tries to come in and help regulate.  I overheard one of the guards say that they were deployed all throughout, the entire middle of the country is overrun with refugees from the Russia attack.  Food is being rationed, and we are having to fit twelve people into our house.  It's fine, I've always wanted to have a brother, and Tommy is about my age, so we share my room.  He's pretty good at Smash Brothers, but I'm better, which is fine.

So yeah, the world is fucked, but at least I have a date on Friday with Scott.  He was so brave to ask me out.

3am 42 Invisible Woman

In the middle of the conversation, she was gone, but she was still there.  He stood, a panicked look flashing across his face, and she looked down to try to see herself.  She's there, but she wasn't.  He called out for her, and she tried to respond, but her voice is empty.  She went to the window, looking outside.  The scene is normal, almost.  The men on the street were sharing Thom's panic.

Wanda went to the door, but her hand passes through it when she reaches for the knob.  Not just invisible, but immaterial.  She stepped through the oak door into the hallway.  Alex lived alone, and she always wondered about him, so she slipped down the hallway, her wedge-shaped heels failed to make the echoing clomps they usually make.

She stuck her head through the door and looked around.  Alex was on his sofa watching some TV show.  His bare shoulders peaked over the back of the sofa.  She walked the rest of the way into the room, and rounded the corner, standing between him and the TV.  He was resting a bowl of cheesy poofs on his lap and mindlessly putting them into his mouth, his fingers stained orange.

He sat up straight, eyes connected with Wanda's.

"What?  Where did you?"

Wanda began to materialize again and she felt her face flush with blood.  She smiled at him, shrugging her shoulders.  "Things like this just happen."  And she turned and talked out the door.
