# Writing Group 3/24/2016

## 110 Sweet and Sour

Stupid Rocks.  Stupid dirt. Why am I even out here?  The trees are tall, towering, imposing.  They close in on me, standing guard at either side of the trail, barely enough space to move.  The morning dew hits my nostrils like sharp pins, assaulting my senses, distracting me.  Stupid plants.  Honeysuckle, sick and sour, cloyingly sweet.  Suffocatingly thick in the early morning sun.  The low hung rays of the sun scorching my eyes as I move, a strobe light as the trunks interpose themselves between us. The moss creeps along the ground, a mat of encroaching green on the otherwise barren ground, hiding the sharp sticks and stones that break through my thin shoes.  

Oh great, a stream, so much for staying dry, it's incessant babble growing in intensity at it's edge.  One wrong step, and the stream would carry me away. The rage of the water churns below the small cliff, the winter thaw in full force. The cold seizes my legs, daggers full and intense. The flowing of the water waves my pants around, a flag against the world, half mast and sad.  The smooth rocks below the surface of the water, worn smooth from the onslaught from up stream.  Across the stream, a meadow, yellow and mock-marked with flying buzzing insects going about their business of collecting, scavenging like a scourge.

And the sun is no longer mottled with the trees, full brightness illuminating, searing my vision as I look upon the field. I sneeze.  Stupid pollen. A small animal pokes its head above the flowers, looks around, and scurries back to its den, frightened by my presence, like a stupid idiot.

## 166 The Wit and the Pendulum

Jenn stands next to him, her face streaming tears and they slowly walk to the front of the church, approaching the casket.  Brian's body is neatly composed within, and Jenn's tears increase as he comes into view.  Dylan leans over and whispers, "Never looked better."

She cocks her head towards him, mouth open.

"That's how I always found him in the morning."

Her eyes narrow.

"For that matter, that's what he was like in bed."

Her eyes widen and a hand comes up to her mouth.

"Come on, that was dead funny."

She punches him in the arm. "Asshole."

"It's not like he's going to complain."

"You're such a dick, Dylan.  Show some respect."

"Don't be such a stiff."

She turns around and walks away.

"I really thought I was slaying here," he whispers as he pats the coffin and walks to his seat.

# 169 Serious Slapstick

Dylan and Brian's arms are locked in tense contraction against each other when Dylan's knees collapse under him, and they tumble to the ground, Brian landing on top of Dylan.  A brief pause, and Dylan is bucking his hips up, pushing Brian off of him, but their arms are still tangled, and Brian falls backwards, pulling Dylan up and on top of him.  Brian rolls to the side, freeing his arms from the tangle, but Dylan loses his balance and falls to the side, landing back on Brian.

Brian pushes himself backwards, head smashing into Dylan's chest, sending Dylan backwards and landing on Brian's legs.  Brian crunches up, pulling hard on his legs and Dylan's butt smashes into the ground.  Brian is up, but Dylan has his pants leg.  Brian flails his held leg around, trying to dislodge Dylan's hand, but Dylan's grip is strong, and flails in sync with Brian's leg.

Brian plants the held leg and lifts his other leg, bringing the foot down for a stomp, but Dylan rolls out of the way, yanking Brian off balance and onto the ground.  Dylan rolls back, pinning Brian to the ground.  Their breathing is labored, but Brian continues the movement initiated by Dylan and throws him off balance, and rolling on top, pinning him to the ground in turn.



