# 96. One Moment

David's breath was shallow and fast.  The air moving in and out of his body drowned out all other sounds as he stood across the street.  He did not fit in.  His clothes were from last year, messy and somewhat unkempt.  Nothing on him sparkled or shined, and his shoes could use a good polish.  The thin layer of sweat formed on his forehead, and his hand came up and wiped it away.

The constant beat of the strobe light from within, timed with the beat of the heavy bass exploding from the speakers drew him in, and he took a step closer, his legs shaking under him.  He drew in a deep breath.  The air was drenched in a stale mixture of beer and urine.  Lingering cigarette smoke danced across his face as his feet carry him up the curb of the other side of the street.

The sharp stubble of the bouncer's 5 o-clock shadow, a menacing mix of heavy make up and harsh, overhead lighting.  She looked from David's face to his id.  The creases between her eyes deepened as she studied his face.  Her hands are rough as she returns the id to David, and he steps across the threshold.

A new song began, and he was swept up in the pounding bass and screeching lyrics.  A hand reached out, pulling into the sea of writhing bodies.  The crowd moved in time to the music, and David merged with it, feeling the currents and eddies of it, bare chested and sweaty bodies merging into his own, transferring their sweat onto his plain, white t-shirt.

His eyes made contact with a set of piercing red eyes that beckon with their stare.  The organism of the crowd sprouted tentacles, peeled away the shirt from his body, released from the confinement, and the eyes smile.  David pushed his way through the crowd

# 146. 100 most common words

The, Of, To, And, A, In, Is, It, You, At, He, Was, For, On, Our, With, As, I, His, They, be, at, one, have, this, from, or, had, by, hot, but, some, what, there, we, can, out, other, were, all, your, when, up, use, word, how, said, an, each, she, which, do, their, time, if, will, way, about, many, then, them, would, write, like, so, these, her, long, make, thing, see, him, two, has, look, more, day, could, go, come, did, my, sound, no, most, number, who, over, know, water, than, call, first, people, may, down, side, been, now, find

## Robots destroy every human

A long time from this day, robots will destroy all people.  First, people may know no day, but "hot sounds" will find a way, and you will call on a number of people, each other human may know the way.  But, two will first see the way, and find a thing no other can.  Write your word, and with the call, use up the water.  The way is long, but she will be many.  Now she can see, and now she can find the way.  Go, every human, go, The time is now. Most look but see no word.  Come, people, come. The way is down, it had been, and will be.  Know your time.

This will come. The robots will come.  Who will go the way, and find the word.  How many will go down, and be a number?  If you will, find your sound, find your word.  She has time, if you will be. The robots come.  