## Writing Prompt

A restless 60 old woman
A naive 25 year old man
Set in a psychiatric hospital
A pregnancy was announced.
Story about Stubbornness
Character is tested to the limits of physical endurance

## Result

"Breath, Sheila, just breath."  Sam holds his hand out towards her face.  She had been beautiful once, years ago, before the war.

"Sam, you idiot, breathing doesn't do anything, just give me the shot!"  Sheila grabs his hand and squeeze tightly. "Drugs, now! And then dig out the bullet, it's the only way."

Sam's hands shake as he pulls the clear liquid into the syringe, and continues as he presses the needle against her skin.  "Careful, you clod." She yells at him.  The liquid disappears under her skin, and they wait, breaths held.  Sheila grits her teeth against the pain, and her renewed screams echo through the halls of St. Vincent's.

The rattle of shackles from outside of the room grate against their ears, mixing with her screams.  "Work, damn it." She spits through grinding teeth.  Shot in the shoulder, at her age. She's been here before, when she was younger, a spy for the resistance.  St Vincent's was the rehabilitation center they put her in, and now she's back again.

"Sam," a meek voice from the door way rips her out of her memories and back into the present, renewing her agony.  The woman standing in the door way, lithe and riddled with tattoos emerging from her white tank top.  She fiddles with a small plastic stick in her hand.

"Not now, T, Sheila's not in a good state."  Sheila's scream punctuates his words.

"Sam, I'm..."

"Spit it out, you dottering mouse!" Sheila's words are piercing.  "When will the anesthetic kick in? Fuck."  She digs her fingers into the thin cushion covering the cold stainless steel of the examination table.

"I'm pregnant, Sam."

Sheila emits a mixture of a laugh and a cry, "Of course you are."

"What?"  Sam's mouth hangs open.

"It has to be yours."

"But, T, I could be fired."

Sheila reaches her hand out and punches Sam in the groin, and he doubles over, falling to the ground with a thud.  "Fired is the least of your worries, Sam, now get your ass off the ground and get this bullet out of me.  Drugs don't seem to be work, so you'll have to go in raw."

## Writing Prompt

It was just for one night...

## Results

It was just for one night.  That's what they always say when they come to stay with you.  And then one week, one month, one year passes and you can't remember a time when they weren't on your couch, watching yet another reality program where people are dropped off in the wilderness, naked and alone with only the shoes on their feet to help them survive.

And now, he's still on the couch, still in his underwear, still staring blankly at the tv which has long since gone to static.  That's how you found him, that's how he had remained for the week you were gone.  By the time you came home, the smell was unbearable, assaulting your nose the moment the seal of the door breached.  You crept in, scared of what you would find.  The smell overwhelmed you and your vomit splattered across the tile floor of the entry way. You cursed, and walked further into the room, pulling your shirt up to your nose, desperate to filter out the smell.

The first thing you noticed was the swelling, bloating, a collage of water balloons covered in rubber bands, all over pressured and threatening to pop.  Your vision clouded with tears, maybe from sadness, or just the sting of the ever intensifying smell, thickening your movement.

Then you noticed the color of him.  A putrid green, like old avocados left out in the sun, a wrong mixture of hues that no human should be.  You held back a dry heave.