# Character: Taxi Driver, Sitation: Gets a cryptic letter, Prop: Lucky Penny, Setting: Nighttime, rainy.

Her clothes soaked into the passenger side rear seat.  The cloth dampening from the rain outside.  She smelled of a mixture of Spring time and fast faded floral perfume.  She looked over her shoulder as she shuts the door and sank into the seat.

"140th and main, please."  Her voice was tinged with something akin to panic, but not quite there, just on the edge.  I merged into traffic, and she checked behind us again, and a sigh escaped her lips. She whispered into a coin in her hand.

"What's that?" I queried.  I was purposefully vague.

"Oh? Nothing, just, it's silly, nothing." She leaned forward in her seat, voice dropping into conspiratorial tones, "It's my lucky penny."  She must not think I saw her slip the paper in between the seats, she leaned back, and checked behind her again.

I hold up a playing card, the ace of spades, towards her, "I call this my lucky card.  I won a porker tournament with it."

"Was it the ace up your sleeve?"  She laughed.  I pulled into a parking spot at the corner of 140th, and she got out.  Account changed, she walks awake through the pounding rain.  The rain had increased on our drive over and now the rhythm of the rain drowned out the rest of the city.  I retrieved the piece of paper she had left and read over the writing.  Her handwriting, if it was hers, was small and tightly formed, no flourishes or extra style to it.  Straight to business.

I reread the note, "Don't trust the man in the flower, he'll only pervert your true path."  What the fuck did that even mean.  I opened my phone and looked at her account on the system.  This was her first Uber ride, no history, no profile picture.  Her email bounced immediately, like she didn't even exist.

Now I question if she even did.  I've been on the look out for the man in the flower every since.  And what is my truth path?  What did she know that I didn't?  How did she even know anything about me?

# 911 Operator, someone from their past, hood ornament, setting: fountain

"911, what's your emergency?"

"I drove into the cherry lane fountain."

"What's your name?"

"Robert Arran."

"Did you go to Quincy High school?"

"Yeah, how did you know?"

"It's Jason Rogers."

"No shit? How you've been man?"

"Great great.  How the hell did you drive into a fountain?"

"Do you remember that one time we stole Ms. Taylor's Mercedes?"

"Man, do I ever!"

"I still have her hood ornament."

"No shit?"

"Yeah, I mounted it on a little plaque, to commemorate everything that happened in the car."

Jason coughs into the phone, "These calls are recorded, we should get back to helping you with your emergency.  Are you hurt?"

"Nah, I mean, yes, but no, look, could you just send a tow truck?"

"911 doesn't really do that, man, but I can give you some numbers for a tow truck.  How exactly did you drive into a fountain?"

"Man, those numbers would be great, I could just call them up and be on my way."

"Robert, I think you are avoiding the question, how did you end up in the fountain? Do I need to dispatch a patrolman to your location?

"Nah, J, it's okay, just give me the tow truck number, and I'll be on my way."

"Hold please."

An instrumental cover of a nine inch nails song plays over the phone, as Robert looks at his car, and the black bag sitting in the back seat.  He approaches the bag and peers in, the sparkles of the diamonds catch the sunlight, dazzling his eyes as the crescendo of the song hits her ears and then is cut off.  "Robert, still here?"

"Yeah man."

"A patrolman will be there in about ten minutes, can I keep you on the line until he arrives."

"Fuck man, why'd you go and do that?"