Chadwick slams the door to the interrogation room closed, palm of his hand rubbing his forehead where the coffee cup connected with his skull.  A lump has already begun to form.

He sits down on the bare metal table separating Kyle and Victor from Boris and places the coffee cup down on the table.  His movement is slow and precise as he picks up the carafe and pours a thin, steady stream of coffee into the mug.  He hands it to Boris as he begins, "Let's make this easy on everyone.  Just tell us where the red head is, and we'll go collect her, and you can go free."

Kyle puts up his hand in response to Chadwick's words, but Chadwick places his hand on Kyle's shoulder with a small pat.

"We only care about getting our sweet Isabelle back, that's all."

Boris looks around the room shaking his head, and then locking eyes with Chadwick.  Chadwick's shoulders slump forward, and he stands up, walking behind Kyle and Victor, a hand on each shoulder.  He hangs his head for a brief moment before raising it again, "I wanted this to be easy."  He squeezes Victor's shoulder, and then turns to leave the room.  The door opens and closes behind Chadwick as he steps out.

"Alright, brov." Victor stands up, "You might want to look away, this might get a bit naff."  Victor leans over the table, grabbing Boris' hands which dwarf his own. He wraps a hand around one of Boris' fingers, and pulls back on it.  Boris' eyebrow arches up as Victor struggles to break the finger.  Kyle stifles a chuckle as Victor releases the finger, breathing heavy.  "Right."  Victor leaves the room for a moment, returning with a bottle.

To describe this bottle as an abomination of taste and decency would be doing it justice.  The pink and white Swarovski crystals that infect the bottle sparkle under the harsh florescent light of the interrogation room.  The word "Alize" in flourishing letters are sprawled against the bottle.

Boris looks at it and then looks back at Victor, "huh?"

"Oh, you are going to drink this."

"And this is, what? Punishment?"

"Let's call it, advanced interrogation techniques, yeah?"

Boris snorts a laugh towards Victor, "Bring it, tiny man."

Kyle's face contorts, "How is this possible going to help?"

"Brov, this shit is naf."  Victor dumps the coffee onto Boris' lap, and pops open the bottle of Alize.  The mix of over-sweet fruit syrup fills the room as Victor backs his face away, pouring the vodka into the coffee cup.  He places the cup under Boris' nose. "Drink it, brov."

Boris keeps his mouth shut, and shakes his head.  After a brief moment, Boris gasps, filling his lung with the acetic fumes of the Alize.  Victor upturns the cup into Boris' open mouth.  Violent coughs ensure as the Alize trickles down Boris' neck.  As the violence subsides, Boris' eyes are wide and frantic.

"Alright, brov. minging, innit? spill it, or ya get a second cup, right?"

"Fine. Antonska and Kolya will be at an old iron works factory.  It is our meeting place.  Just keep that swill away from me."

"Thanks."  Victor presses his lips against Boris' while grabbing the back of his head.  Kyle shakes his head, and Victor pulls away.  Victor smirks at Boris and exits the room, with Kyle on his heels.

***

 Riley and Chadwick are sitting opposite each other in the kitchen, eyes locked, faces straining.  Kyle and Victor enter from the hallway, and Kyle's voice is soothing, "we have a lead on the remaining Zolotovs.  Riley, gear up the lads?"
 
 Riley hops off the counter top, and walks out the nearest hallway, and returns a brief moment later.
 
 He places three rings down on one of the tables in the kitchen and motions for the three of them to pick them up.  "Slicer rings, great little weapons in a pinch.  Put them on your finger, and if you need the blade, feel for the ridge with your thumb.  The blade will extend from the opposite edge."  Victor fingers the ridge and a sharp edge pops up.  "Careful Victor, it can cut through kevlar."
 
 "Wicked!"
 
 Next, he holds up a silver watch with a small golden crown on the face, "X-ray scanner in watch form.  Managed to finally get it working.  Might come in handy seeing weapons or something."  He turns the dial on the face of the watch and holds it up in Chadwick's direction.  One of his eyebrows raises up as he turns the dial back and tosses the watch to Kyle. He looks sideways at Chadwick, "It's millimeter wave, so if nothing else, you can look at people's junk." A smirk glides for a brief moment across Riley's face.
 
 He then tosses a pair of socks at Victor.  "Radio-jamming socks.  Click your heel together to turn it on and off. I also have a small emp device in the toe, but, well, it uses an explosion, so it might hurt.  Haven't really tested that part, so I'd avoid using it, but the radio-jammer is solid."
 
 He twirls a cane in his hands, and then chucks it towards Chadwick, aiming for his head.  Chadwick catches it, and turns it around.  "Anything special about this?"
 
 Riley nods, "Yeah," Chadwick is inspecting the tip of the cane, "don't!" Chadwick pauses with his hand hovering over the tip, "It's a taser cane.  All you have to do is touch that end on someone, and bam!" He hits the counter top to punctate, "down for the count."
 
 Chadwick smiles, and twirls the cane in his hand, and then thrusts it at Riley.  His body spasms, and drops to the ground.  "Nice work, Riley."  Chadwick steps over Riley and picks up a cup from the counter.  Victor walks over and pours some Alize into the cup, and Chadwick drops it next to Riley's head.  "Shall we?"
 
 Kyle shakes his head. "Chadwick, you need to be nicer to him."
 
 "He had it coming."
 
 ***
 
 The Audi is zooming down the M4 under Kyle's deft hands.  The iron works factory is well outside of the city.  Boris had describe it as a safe house, a place to rendezvous and lay low when the heat gets too hot.
 
 Chadwick is sitting in the front passenger seat, and Victor in the back behind Kyle.  The traffic is heavy but moving, and Kyle zips between cars, making steady progress through the traffic.  The Audi pulls along side a silver and black Citroen convertible with the top off.  Victor's eyes lock on Nicholay's face.  They exchange recognition before Nicholay swerves into the Audi.  Metal on metal scraping blast their ears as Kyle fights to maintain control.
 
 Kyle's window explodes inward as a bullet pierces the car.  Their eyes trace the line of the shot, and Anton is standing up from the passenger seat, gun trained on them.  Kyle looks at Chadwick, and unclips his firearm from his shoulder holster, handing it to Chadwick.  He presses the sunroof button, and pops his torso out of the sunroof, feet unsteady as the Citroen bashes into the Audi again.
 
 Chadwick steadies the gun against the roof of the car, and aims for the tires of the Russians' car.  The shot goes wide, hitting the tire of another car, causing it to spin out.  The Russians plow through the struck car, causing it to spin further into the barricade.  Another shot, this time shattering the windshield of the Citroen, glass raining down on them.
 
 Anton's shooting is a damn sight better than Chadwick's, and manages to clip Chadwick in the shoulder.  The yell that Chadwick emits sends waves of panicked questioning out of Kyle's mouth before Chadwick drops down in the passenger's seat again, hand clutching the flesh wound in his shoulder.
 
 "Take the wheel, I will get these bastards."  Kyle pulls the pistol from Chadwick's hand and motions for the steering wheel.  He clears the remaining glass out of the window with the barrel of the gun and props it against the sill of the busted out window.
 
 "Shot already!" Chadwick screams as the car careens off of a barricade.  Reaffirming his grip on the gun, Kyle pulls the trigger.  The sound of the gunshot is intense as both cars veer into each other.  Anton's bullet finds their tire in short order, both cars down to three tires.
 
 Victor throws his backpack onto his back, and kicks open his door.  The door swings open and he shrinks back into the car as the Citroen comes in for another body check, ripping the door off its hinges.  It flies away behind them, and a cacophony of horns and swerving tires rise up in reaction.
 
 "Right, I believe Riley added some enhancements, let's see." Kyle flips open a panel in the center console.  A series of switches and buttons line the inside of the compartment beyond.  He flips a switch and an oil slick shoots out the back.  "Nope, not that one."  Cars behind them spin out of control as they hit the oil.  "Bloody hell, labels, Riley, labels!" He presses another button, and the inside of the Audi begins to light up, changing colors in a slow fade across the rainbow.
 
 Chadwick rolls his eyes, "That's useful."
  
 Victor smiles, "Oi, that'd be great for shagging."
 
 Kyle pulls the largest lever in the compartment and a harpoon shoots out, sinking to the door of the Citroen.  A winch activates, the slow rotations pulling the cars closer together, millimeters at a time.
 
Victor perches on the edge of the car, and waits for the right time.  Another shot is fired from above, and he jumps out of the Audi.  His jump is timed well, and he lands with a soft thump in the back seat of the Citroen.  Anton turns around, gun swinging into Victor's face as he pulls the bottle of Alize from his backpack.  "Drinking is alot better than fighting, innit?  Pull this jam over, go back to mine, and get lit?"  The harpoon's fins rend the side of the door as it pulls free, retracting back into an unseen compartment, readying for another shot.  The metal screeching echoes across the highway.
 
 Anton continues to hold the gun at Victor who is shaking the bottle of Alize.  Nicholay speaks up, "Antonska, put the gun down, the little man is funny."  Anton lowers the gun, and Nicholay takes an exit off the M4, pulling into a small pub's parking lot.  The Audi pulls in a brief moment later.  By the time Kyle and Chadwick walk up to the Citroen, The Russians and Victor have drinks in hand.  They all exchange looks as Nicholay gets out of the car.
 
 Chadwick's motions are a blur as he sticks Nicholay with the tip of the crane, swinging around and hitting Anton through the car window.  Victor raises his cup of Alize, "vashe zrodovye!"
 
 ***
 
 All three of the Zolotov brothers wake with an intense headache, each in an individual cell in the bowels of LOGIC's field office below St John's Smith Square.  As they begin to stir, Victor stands up, addressing them, "Alright, brovs, two choices, tell us where Isabelle is, or drink the vodka I left in your cell."
 
 Anton sniffs the cup, "Pickles?"
 
 "Yeah, brov."
 
 "That is a violation."
 
 Anton breaks first, the smell of the pickle vodka making him queasy.  He details the way they are hired and where they made the exchange.  He spares no details as his brothers add additional context and information about the exchange.
 
 Victor leaves the brothers, walking with loud, clomping foot falls up the stairs.  The bottle of pickle vodka dangling from his limp arm.  Riley is perched in his customary spot in the kitchen, and Victor offers the bottle to Riley.
 
 "No thanks, I don't drink."
 
 "What?"
 
 "I don't like alcohol."
 
 "What? This stuff is pickle, yeah? You from Chicago, innit? Try it."  They volley back and forth and eventually Riley relents, downing half the bottle of the pickle vodka.  "Yeah, brov, you getting proper lit."
 
 Riley stumbles off the counter as he tries to walk back to his lab.  Victor helps him up, and takes him over to a computer terminal.  Chadwick and Kyle come into the lab from a hallway, in a deep discussion.  "And Ms. Thornhill wants you both to start training immediately.  Victor, come here, we are going to practice firearms."
 
 Victor and Chadwick take turns shooting at targets in the shooting gallery.  Chadwick is a crack shot, writing "Riley Sux" in his last target.  Victor's shooting is more erratic, and the wall behind the targets has a few new holes after the shooting contest.
 
 Riley has propping himself up with his arms, trying hard to remain standing.  Chadwick comes over and puts the target with "Riley Sux" up to his face.  "Just for you, big boy."  Riley's arms flail out in front of him, landing on Chadwick's shoulders, burdening Riley's weight on him.  Chadwick pushes him into his chair, and slaps the target into Riley's chest.
 
 "Great shooting! Now Victor, what did you find out from the Zolotovs?"
 
 "Right, so this bird, Casey or whatever, hired them to get Isa, and they dropped her at the tower of London, whitehall.  In front of the chopping block."
 
 "Riley, hack into CCTV and see if you can find the exchange."
 
 "Yes, Sir" Riley's words are slurred, and he begins banging on the keyboard.
 
 "Are you drunk, Riley?"
 
 "Yeah, brov, he's proper lit."
 
 Riley shakes his head, "No..."
 
  "For fucks sake, Riley."
  
   "It's my fault, innit?" Victor pulls Kyle's attention away from Riley. "Right, no clue what they want of Isa, but we find the bird, she can lead us, yeah?"
   
    Kyle nods and Riley lets out a whoop, "Got her."  Riley pulls up an enlarged view of a woman with short cropped black hair wearing a black ball cap, pacing back and forth in front of the chopping block used to decapitate Henry the VIII's wives.  "Running facerec."  A few minutes pass as the progress bar on the screen fills up.  A ding sounds out, "Matched.  Cas-Caskiya-"
    
"Kseniya Mirinov. She is the boss of the local Russian cell here."

Chadwick leans in to get a better look at Kseniya's face, "She's quite fit."  Riley places his hand on the side of Chadwick's leg, and Chadwick backs away, looking at Riley, "Drunk bastard."

Riley smiles up at Chadwick, and goes back to typing on the computer.  "MI-5 records show she works at the tower, pulling up current schedule."  His fingers fly across the keyboard.  He pauses for a moment to take a sip from his coffee cup, "She gets off work at 10pm tonight."

"Brilliant!"

***

"The metro service is having a fit over this, Kyle." Ms Thornhill is pacing behind her desk.  "Endangering civilians, completely undisciplined recruits, wanton destruction of government property."  Kyle hangs his head, looking at his feet, "And they are asking for damage compensation.  2 million pounds.  2 million!"

"Sorry, mum, it happened quickly, no time to think."

She slams her hand onto the desk and leans down into Kyle's face.  Her breath is tinged with scotch, "Sort it out, and get those two properly trained.  Assign Riley to Chadwick, and you handle Victor.  No more fuck ups."

"Riley and Chadwick are rather volatile, rather better for me to handle Chadwick."

"No, Victor will be the hard recruit to break.  Riley can handle Chadwick."

"Yes, mum."

"You'll need to take the wagon.  It's going to take Riley weeks to fix what you did to the Audi."

"Yes, mum." 

***

Victor sits on a bench outside of the Tower of London, looking down at his watch, the time flashes "22:05".  His leg vibrates as he looks around, trying to spot Kseniya.  His green hoodie is zipped up against the encroaching cold of the evening.  His hands are in the pockets of the hoodie and he stands, clenching two small bottles of Kalinska Imperial Vodka, sweat making them slippery.

Kseniya exits the side entrance to the tower, scanning the pathway as she does.  Victor's feet carry him to her, cutting across her path.  He leans against a light pole and brings out the bottles of vodka.  "Nice evening, innit?"  She cuts holes in his face with her eyes. "Drink and a snog?"  She faces cracks into a slight smile. "Yeah?"  She follows him in silence to the bench.

His eyes catch Chadwick at a postcard stand, and Kyle sweeping the street with a broom.  She finally breaks the silence as she takes the tiny bottle of vodka from Chadwick, "What do you what?"

"Just a bit of a snog, pretty bird like you."

"I am not your average woman."

"Never said that, yeah?"

"What do you have to offer other than cheap vodka?"

"I've got mad tongue skills."

A laugh escapes her before she can choke it down with the vodka.  She shivers and rubs her arms, and Victor unzips his hoodie, draping it over her.  Kyle sighs "bloody hell, a LOGIC shirt?"

Kseniya pulls out a larger bottle of vodka from her bag.  "How about we drink for contest? Loser must perform oral on winner?"

Victor nods. "Alright then."  The shots go in turn, and Victor's world begins to take on a funhouse look as it warps and spins around him.  He drops his shot glass on the ground, and it shatters.  Distracted with the drinking contest, she does not notice Chadwick reaching into her backpack to remove her mobile from it.  He disappears behind a piece of shrubbery as the shot glass shatters.

"LOGIC?"  Her eye brow arches, and her hands are around Victor's throat.  "Did LOGIC send you?"  This isn't the first time a woman has tried to choke Victor.  He reaches his arms between her's and lifts up and out, dislodging her hands from his neck.

Victor grabs her arm and twists hard, rubbing the skin of her arm red.  Kseniya screams as Victor's slicer ring rips her skin open.  Wrenching her arm from his grasp, she drops her hands to the ground, flipping her legs into the air.  With a quick pop of her arms, her crotch lands on Victor's face, knocking him off balance.  Her legs squeeze tight against his neck, cutting off the blood flow to his head.  He struggles under her weight, neck and mouth held tight against her underside.  After a moment of grabbing at her leg trying to gain purchase, Victor goes limp.

All of her attention had been on Victor, but when she releases her legs from around him and stands, she comes face to face with Chadwick, cane in hand.  He smiles as their eyes meet, and he drives the tip of the cane between her breasts.  She spasms and falls to the ground, landing squarely onto of the prone Victor.

"Riley's hacked the phone.  We have the location where she is holding Isabelle."  Kyle high-fives Chadwick.  "You get Victor, I'll get Ms Mirinov."  Chadwick nods as Kyle pulls Kseniya off of Victor, throwing her over his shoulder with a loud sigh.  Chadwick does the same with Victor.  Their return to the car is slow and labored under the weight of their cargo.

"Are we going to literally be holding the entire Russian Mob before the end of this?" Chadwick asks as they pull out of the parking spot.