Chadwick is straddling Victor in the backseat of the wagon, bracing his arms against the seat backs as Kyle takes a sharp turn.  The leather of the bench seat cause Victor and Chadwick to slide as the turn enters its apex.  Chadwick squeezes his legs around Victor's torso to keep him from slipping to the floor board.

Kyle's hand extends between the seats, holding a small vial.  "Just break it open, and wave it under his nose."

"Why didn't we wake him up when we delivered Kseniya to HQ?"

"No time, do as I instructed."

Chadwick follows the instructions, and in a moment Victor shoots straight up, coughing that fills the interior cab. Chadwick swings his legs off of Victor as they resume normal sitting positions in the wagon.  Victor's coughing subsides, and Chadwick pats him on the shoulder, "Right, then?"  Victor breaths in a deep breath and nods his head.

All three jump as the sound of a phone rings out.  Kyle fishes his mobile out of his pocket, taking his eyes off the road, swerving.  The car next to them honks its horn as the wagon veers into their lane and then corrects itself.

The red and blue lights of the traffic patrol strobe the cab, and Kyle curses under his breath.  His attention is split between pulling over and listening to the phone.  "Escaped? Riley, hold on."

A man in a yellow safety vest and a bulging uniform appearing to be in the process, however slow it may be, of sundering under the pressure of the man's corpulent nature, taps on the driver window and Kyle presses the button, and the window retracts with a tiny whine.

"Evening, do you know why I pulled you over?"

"I would imagine it was because I swerved rather suddenly just a moment ago. Wait, Riley, I'm speaking to a patrolman, yes, yes she is persuasive, and I'll deal with your dereliction of your duties in just, yes, just, shut, Riley."

Victor clicks his heels together and Kyle's phone beeps the sound of a disconnected call.  "Right then, Officer,"   Kyle presents a small ID card with an ornate seal embossed in metallic ink, and the words "Embassy - Exempt" in bold black letters.

The officer peers into the car, looking closely at the proffered card, locking eyes for a moment on Victor and Chadwick, "Sorry for the trouble, sir."

"No bother, Long live the queen!"

The patrolman knocks on the window, and waddles back to his car.  Kyle pulls back onto the road, accelerating and merging into traffic is a swift motion, like a well-oiled machine meshing gears with proper timing.

Victor pokes his head forward, "Brov, what'd Riley do now?"

"The Russians escaped because the wiles of Ms Mirinov got the better of them."

Victor's face contorts, "I thought Riley... you know." He makes an indecipherable motion with his hand, and Kyle nods his head.

"And you said 'them'?"

"Correct, Chadwick, Ms Thornhill was taken in by her wiles also." Chadwick and Victor exchange looks.  The wagon goes silent for the rest of the drive.

***

After an hour of silent driving, Kyle pulls the wagon onto a small road that winds itself around a large, squat brick building.  Victor and Chadwick jump out of the back of the wagon, and survey the scene.  Kyle remains in the car, typing in an initial report into his phone.

Three black Citreons of the same make and model from the earlier engagement are parked beside two large metal doors in the side of the brick building.  The faint smell of burning wood leads Chadwick's eyes up to the smoke stacks, three in a row, and a trailing of smoke emanates from the furthest one.

Kyle leans his head out of the wagon's window, "I have architectural diagrams of the inside, if you'd care to view them."  Chadwick shakes his head, and sprints towards the building.

Chadwick's search near the far edge of the building produces a drain pipe with enough clearance to wrap his hands around it.  In quick succession, hand over hand and pressing hard against the pipe, he ascends the pipe, and perches on the ledge next to a row of grimy windows.

Using the edge of his sleeve, he wipes the grime away in a small circle, sullying the crisp white of his button down shirt. Now his sleeve matches the streak of grime along his chest from climbing the pipe.

He peers into building.  The inside has been a hallowed out, left as a husk of its former glory.  The dim lighting afford little clarity, but Chadwick can make out about six black splotches that he reasons are people.  Two appear to be engaged in some kind of motion, and the rest of motionless.  Bodies? Prisoners?

Chadwick slides down the drain pipe, slowing at the last possible moment and dropping to his feet with a soft crunch as the gravel takes his weight.  He jogs back towards the wagon.

"Six, I think, only two active, I think, it's bloody dark in there."

"Alright, Brov, you cat back in there, I make a scene, we take them out all quick like."

Kyle nods his head, "Yes, and I'll remain here, ready for either a get away, or to drive into the cargo doors, if necessary."  The other two nod in agreement.  Chadwick grabs the cane from the backseat of the wagon, pushes the end of it through his leather belt, pressing it tight against his back, hanging down like a rigid tail.  He takes off with a quick jog, and shimmies back up the drain pipe.

Activating his slicer ring, the traces a hole into the glass window, retrieving the glass and propping it on the ledge.  Reaching his hand into the window, he pops the latch and swing the window open with slow motions to avoid making a sound.

He steps through the open window, and drops down into the room, deep in the shadows of the room.  He crouches for a moment as his eyes adjust.  No changes in movement from any of the occupants.  He's safe, maybe. 

He takes in the surroundings, the dark shapes resolving into five young men, and Isabelle.  She sits in the middle of the room, a single lightbulb hanging above her head ten feet in the air.  Her head is slumped down, and her arms appear to be bound behind her.

Two of the young men are sparring, circling each other with bright red knives, gripped tight.  The shorter of the two boys, tenses for a strike, the sudden contraction of his chest muscles, visible around the edges of his tank top, telegraphs his movement, and the taller boy side steps and strikes his opponent in the kidney with the knife.  The blade does not penetrate any skin, but the blade bends in rubbery forgiveness.

There is a knock on the door, and the last boy, one Chadwick had overlooked, opens the small service entrance door, and walks out, closing the door behind him.  Victor is standing there, "Hey, brov, can I use your loo?"

The boy, wearing the same uniform as the other boys, a white tank top and black military pants, stares at Victor and shakes his head.

Another boy is sitting on an overstuffed sofa, the folds of the fabric obscuring parts of his body.  This boy is playing Call of Duty on a large TV.  A stream of obscenities punctuate the flashing screen as he screams at his teammates in their virtual skirmish.

Chadwick is closest to this boy, so close in fact that he pulls his crane free from the belt look, and touches the boy with it.  The boy convulses letting out another, shorter, stream of obscenities, but none of the other boys pay attention.  The boy's game flashes his character's death on screen, and the match's statistics show on the screen.

Chadwick makes his way towards a table.  Another boy, younger looking than the rest, in a clean button down shirt with a school crest embroidered on it.  Chadwick cannot make out which school, but approaches the boy, but doesn't notice the tin can sitting on the ground until after his foot tips it over, sending a siren call of metal on concrete across the expansive space of the iron mill.

The studying boy looks up at Chadwick, only the table between him and the boy.  "Hey, what are you doing here?"

Chadwick, places the cane on the ground, leaning into it, "I'm the new guy."

The boy wrinkles his eyes at Chadwick, "You are a little old, and… not Russian."

Chadwick's broad grin makes the boy stand up, "I'm here to teach you guys some new things."  He lunges forward, planting his hands on the edge of the table.  His left leg swings up, sailing over the table, and the right follows suit, lifting his right hand as his legs swing passed, and then replacing it immediately behind him.

Chadwick parts his legs at the last minute, as he lands with one leg on either side of the boy, knocking him off balance.  His chair falls backwards towards the ground as Chadwick's cane makes connection, sending the boy into convulsions on his way to the ground.

"Oh come on, brov, I'm going to wet myself."  Victor grabs his crotch and crosses his legs, a convincing pantomime.

The boy shakes his head again, "No, use the alley," he points with a small black pistol with "Ruger" stamped into the side.  Victor snaps the gun out of the kids hand, and turns it around at him.

The two boys who were sparring are now advancing on Chadwick, rubber knives replaced with real ones.  Victor bursts through the door, a gun trained on each of the boys.  "Drop them, brov."  The boys stare down the barrels of their respective guns, and the clank of the metal as the knives hit the ground break the silence around them.  The younger of the boy's pants begin to show a wet spot. "aw, he done wet himself. Best you stay in school, yeah?"

Victor retrieves some rope from a nearby wall and ties the two boys to one of the ceiling supports, an oversized wooden beam turned on end and bracketed to the concrete floor.   At the same time, Chadwick unties Isabelle, waving one of the sticks under her nose.  She jerks out of the seat, on her feet, and punches Chadwick in the stomach.  He doubles over as her eyes wildly search the room.  Her breathing returns to normal after a few moments.  Chadwick coughs out, "We're with LOGIC.  Your uncle is in the car outside."

Victor slams his fist into a large green button, and the rusty cargo doors draw open, the sound of metal on metal terrorizes their ears until it finally clunks into place.

Kyle drives the wagon into factory, disengages the engine, and exits as Isabelle runs to him, throwing her arms around his neck.  "Uncle Kyle, thank you." Kyle gasps for air as she releases her hold. She looks between Chadwick and Victor, "Oi, you those blokes from the pub?" She turns back to Kyle, "Did you have agents watching me?"

Kyle shakes his head, "No my dear, I recruited them after the fact, bit short of staff as it were."

"Really?  At least they have good stamina."  As Kyle's eyes widen, her face cracks into a smile, "Oh uncle, I'm not 12 anymore.  Right, let's vacate, I need a shower." She winks at Victor.

As they begin to enter the wagon, the sound of screeching tires boom through the building, followed by the oily smell of friction burned rubber.  Car doors slam, and shouts are heard.

Kseniya appears in the open cargo door, hair pulled tight into bun.  As their eyes adjust to the bright sunlight silhouetting Kseniya, the three Zolotov brothers walk up behind her.  Everyone freezes for a brief moment before she pulls up two SMGs.  As her finger moves to the triggers, the agents of LOGIC instinctively dive behind the wagon, and Kyle's arms pull Isabelle to the ground.

Kseniya unloads an entire magazine into the side of the Wagon.  The sound of the magazine housing dropping on the floor punctuates the air.

Chadwick crawls under the wagon, small 9mm gun in hand.  Plink, Plink one tire out on two of the three black Citreons outside.

Victor is on his feet, and on top of the wagon in an instant.  "Hey, nips," he takes a picture of her with his mobile, zooming in on the cleavage bursting from her black tank top.

She narrows her eyes at him, and fumbles for another magazine.  Dropping his mobile into his trouser pocket, Victor peppers the ground near Kseniya with holes.  Chadwick, from under the wagon, takes aim at her left shoulder, and his shot connects true.  Her scream fills the room, and one of the SMGs clunks to the ground.

While everyone is distracted with Kseniya's screams of anguish, Chadwick, slips out from under the car, and runs at the support column nearest the window he cut open.  He jumps, leg extended towards the wall, compressing and exploding in an opposite direction.  His other leg is extended at the support column, and another compression and explosion has him through the window, and dangling from the drain pipe.

In the commotion, no one saw Boris cross into the building, and rest the .950 JDJ rifle on the table where the boy had been studying, but now they recognize it as one of the bullets rips through the wagon.  Boris is knocked down by the recoil of the gun, barely missing sitting on the boy's face.

Victor drops his guns onto the top of the wagon, and puts his hands in the air.  "Alright, no need to get nasty."

Kseniya shouts, "Surrender now, and no one has to die."  Kyle and Isabelle stand up, hands in the air.  Anton and Nicholay make short work of tying up the three surrendered combatants.  Boris is slapping the two stunned boys awake.

"Where is the fourth one?" Kseniya looks around.  The sound of an engine starting draws their attention, and one of the Russians' cars barrels into the building.  Boris and Kseniya's reflex as quick, and they dive out of the way, rolling out of the dive and back to standing, guns already in hand.

Nicholay hesitates for a second too long, and the car crashes into his left leg, breaking it.  X-rays would later reveal that the bone was shattered in three places, but for now, he crumples to the ground, crying in agony.

Anton. Poor Anton. He trips on his own feet, landing with his head in the path of the passenger side tires.  Disoriented, he fails to roll out of the way as the tire crushes his head.  The wet, sickening slurping crunch of his skull under the tire turns everyone's stomach inside out.  Boris' eyes are leaking tears, and Kseniya chokes back vomit.

The renewed hatred flashes in Kseniya's eyes as the car smashes into the far wall.  She runs headlong towards the car, diving in through the window, but her aim was a little off, and she slips down between Chadwick and the steering wheel, legs pointing towards the ceiling of the car.

"I believe I have the upper hand now, dear Kseniya, so let's stop this foolishness."

Her response is muffled, but she pushes off of the floor board, shoving her legs to either side of Chadwick's face.  Her legs clamp down tight, and Chadwick tries to retrieve his gun.  The gun misfires, shattering the windshield, the ringing in his ears drowning out all other sounds.

He drops the gun and puts his hands up, yelling, "Fine! I'm done."  As Chadwick opens the door, her legs slacken.  He exits the car and she follows, picking up his gun as she does.  She presses the gun into his back with two quick jabs, "Go."  He walks towards the sofa where Victor, Kyle, and Isabelle as sitting, tied up.  Chadwick eyes the cane sitting on the ground.  He alters his course, still in the general direction.

As he reaches the cane, his slips the toe of his shoe under the cane, popping it up into the air.  A quick spin around, and the cane is connecting with Kseniya's stomach.  She crumples to the ground.  Boris looks up from where he is tending Nicholay's leg, but the cane is already traveling towards him at great speeds, guided by Chadwick's fluid strides across the concrete.  Boris collapses onto Nicholay sending a new wave of agony through the building.

Chadwick makes quick work of removing his friends' restraints, and Kyle immediate places a call to the local police station.  A second call is placed to Ms Thornhill's personal number.  "Bravo location?"

Her voice is thin, laced with annoyance, "Yes, Bravo Location.  Alpha is compromised."

"Are you going to fire Riley?"

"That russian minx made a fool of us all."

"Reprimanded at the very least?"

"Already taken care of.  Docked pay also. Can you imagine how much this costs?"

"No, mum."

"Right, is Isabelle safe?"

"Yes, mum."

"Brilliant, head to bravo for debrief."

"Yes, mum." And he clicks off the phone, turning towards the other three, "Right, let's leave before the locals show up."  They walk out of the cargo door into the blinding light of the evening sun.  One last black citreon is left with intact tires and a functional engine.  They pile into it, and head to Coppermill Lane Water Works.

The bravo location of LOGIC is hidden beneath Reservoir No 5 at the Coppermill Lane Water Works.  The building which sits on top of the entrance to the LOGIC stronghold typifies the design aesthetic of midcentury municipal buildings, a procession of regular gridded windows, thin glass between aluminum channels.  Splashes of blue are there to add interest to the drab exterior, but fails to make its mark.

Kyle drives the car into the subterranean parking structure under the building, and swipes his finger on a panel situated at the far end of the parking garage.  The wall parts, and he continues to drive forward.  A slow descending turn leads from the brick enclosure into a transparent tube, showing the clear, filtered light of the water above.

A spot for two cars is at the far end of the tube, and Kyle parks on the left side.  They exit the car, and walk through a steel door into a domed building, all space-age materials separating them from the water above.  Riley is in the middle of the room, a bundle of wires in his hand.  A small screwdriver is between his lips, and he talks around it, "Thornhill wants you immediately, Kyle."

Kyle pace quickens as he turns to the right, a small wooden door inset in the tall granite wall.  The wall glistens with moisture, and Kyle turns the doorknob to head into the office.

Thornhill's previous office was palatial compared to this one.  She is sitting at a small folding table, rusted metal with a faded pleather top surface.  Her laptop sits closed in front of her, and she has a beaten and bent copy of "Twilight" in her hands, but in a flash, the book is gone.

"Mum?"

"Yes, Kyle, very good.  Thank you for the field report."

"Yes, Mum." Kyle nods.

"Seems like Chadwick is doing quite well in his training."

"He's a natural, mum.  Victor, however."

"Needs a rather bit more training, I'd say."

"Are you sure, mum?"

"I see the raw potential. Now to hone the weapon."

"Yes, mum."

"Based on this report, and my own observations," she hands Kyle three envelopes, "the boys well do well."

Kyle thumbs through the folders, "What is the third one?"

"Their next mission.  Give them their offer letters first, please."

"Yes, mum."  He clicks his heels together and turns around in the spot.  He opens the door to discover Chadwick and Victor are standing near by.  He closes the door behind himself.  "Eavesdropping is a vital skill in our line of work.  You'll need to work a bit harder on acting 'nonchalant' though."

Kyle hands the respective envelopes to Chadwick and Victor.  "Welcome aboard, junior spies Chadwick Worthington III and Victor Inkwell.  You join the ranks of many–"

Victor puts his hand up in the air, "–wait a sec, brov, I thought you said you weren't a spy."  Chadwick nods along with the question.

"I lied, of course."

"And the pay?"

"Abismal."

Chadwick rolls his eyes.  "But now there is no going back, right?"

"Correct, sir."

"Fuck it, better than nothing, innit?"

"That's the spirit, Victor!"