"The bar must not be too high," Chadwick turning his palm up in Riley's direction. "This one let our key witness get away.  Good thing we were here to clean up his mess."

Riley stands up from behind the server, a patch cable dangling from his mouth.  He removes it, "Hey, she pulled one over on Thornhill too.  She knew how to use her," his fingers make air quotes, "assets to her advantage."

Chadwick and Victor exchange looks, and then Victor steps towards Riley, giving him a pat on the back that sends Riley lurching forward.  "Got any new toys?"

A smile creeps across Chadwick's face, "yeah, the cane was pretty effective when I used it on you."

"Yeah. I had to throw out those pants because of you, asshole."  He tosses Victor a pair of sunglasses, simple black plastic frames with mirrored lenses.  "I'm still working on it, but remote detonated explosives activated by those sunglasses."

He walks across the room to a small cabinet.  Keying in a code, the cabinet hisses open.  Riley retrieves a small bag and pulls a quarter size marble out of it.  "These are the explosives.  Clear and easily concealable, but deadly, if placed right.  But remember, radio signals, so they won't work with Victor's socks activated."

He drops the sack of marbles on the desk next to Victor.  "All I've had time to work on, with the office relocation and all."

"Excellent work with the time allotted, Mr Price. Ms Thornhill has another assignment for us.  This time outsourced from the Department of Homeland Security, through our midwestern branch.  They are a bit strapped right now, so they asked us to intercede.  Simple drug raid operation, really."

"Yeah? Get ta sample the wares, right?  That's fuckin brilliant."

"No sampling, Victor, Methamphetamine is a horrible drug.  Mission briefing is here."  Kyle hands the folder to Riley, "And Riley will be leading this mission in my absence."

Chadwick mouth drops open, "In your absence? Riley in charge? Do you want to get us killed?"

Riley opens the folder, and reads for a moment, and then closes the folder, "Okay, so, like, I'm in charge?"

Kyle nods, "Yes, Riley, but please do take care, show Ms Thornhill that her trust in your abilities are not misplaced."

"And they have to do whatever I tell them to?"

"Riley, a good leader sets the heading, and trusts in his crew to take the correct actions."

"Yeah Riley, we aren't going to suck you of or anything like that."

"What– What are you talking about, I don't–" Victor grabs the folder out of Riley's hand.

"Right so, it's an entire town cooking up meth?"

"That is what our contacts at the DHS believe, so get yourself some guns, get down to the airfield, you have a jet operating under a diplomatic license waiting for you.  That will take you to Des Moine, Iowa, and Orientation is a short drive outside."

"Right, brovs, let's arm up, and get these meth bastards."

"Riley, I believe Victor will require the most garish guns in the arsenal, and I would like something with a larger than normal number of rounds."

Riley's mouth turns up at one side, "Fine, we confiscated some guns from this douche Italian operative a while ago, serial number filed off, re-rifled so the casing can't be traced either.  They are suitably garish."  He runs off down the hall, disappearing around a corner.

"Brov, the kid's roger for you."

"Boys, lay off of him. Especially on this mission."

"We are getting separate rooms, right?"

Riley reappears from the corner with a small duffle bag.  The bag sags in the center, the square bulges of magazines pressed into the fabric by the guns above.  With a quick jerk up, the bag rises and thuds down on the table.  The ripping open of the zipper bounces around the room.  The shine and shimmer of two gold-plated desert eagles dazzle Victor and Chadwick as Riley hands the guns to Victor.

"Like I said, suitably garish."

Kyle chuckles, "Those are rather fitting.  Well, boys, I must take Isabelle to our safe house up north.  God willing, I will see you when you return."  He walks out of the large room.

Riley turns to Chadwick, "since you seem to be hung up on size, I believe I have something for you also."  He reaches into the bag, and pulls out two less impressive guns.  "Tec-9s, not the biggest gun, but they do make extended magazines for them.  As well," he pulls out a round cylinder from the bag, "a 72-round drum magazine."

Chadwick's hands dart out, fingers wrapping around the proffered gun and magazine.  He speaks through his large, toothy grin, "Brilliant."

***

"This is some straight up James Bond, shit, brov."  Victor's hands rub the white leather of the airliner's forward seats.

Chadwick shakes his head, "Have you never flown in a Legacy 600 before?"

"Nah, Brov, this is my first time flyin, yeah?"

"We should probably work out our plan for when we get into town."

Chadwick leans back in his chair, sinking into the leather, "Okay, boss man, what do we do?"

"Um, I…"

"Yeah, that's what I thought, not a clue, and they put you in charge?"

"Alright brotha, how about this.  Chaddy is the money, I'm the face, and dickspits the nerd.  We go in like we want to set up our own operation, and are going to the best in the biz to do it right, yeah?"

"I mean, that sounds like a good plan?"

"Hey Vic, looks like dickspits okay with his new nickname."

Riley puts both hands up to his head and presses in on his temples, running his hands through his hair, "Not really, but whatever."  He stands up and walks to the back of the plane.  He throws himself down on the bench seat located on the starboard side of the plane, covering his eyes.

Chadwick shrugs and mutters, "baby."

***

Orientation, Iowa has a single stop light in it, situated at a sharp turn in a local highway that goes unmarked for hundreds of miles at a time.  Their black Escalade kicks up a torrent of dust as they enter town, and pull to a stop at the light.  Riley turns on his right blinker, and pulls into the parking lot of the Dusty Fields Motor Inn.  The neon vacancy sign blinks on and off with an electric hum as they exit the SUV.

Riley pulls down his sunglasses and looks over the tops of them, "This place looks like it was taken straight out of a hitchcock movie."

"Don't go dressin' up like your mum, yeah?"

They enter the lobby of the motel, and trail a small stream of dust in with them.  "Fuckin' hell," Victor mutters as he takes in faux wood attached to every surface, heavy dark lines separating the panels attached to the wall.  A peg board filled with room keys hangs behind the desk.

Chadwick nudges Victor in the side, and nods his head upwards, "Did you see the mural?"

Riley sighs, and walks up to the desk, the tinkle of the bell rings out as he presses the small silver button on the desk.  From behind a closed door, they hear the scraping of a chair against the concrete floor, and the door opens.

Riley breaths in deeply as the rim of a cowboy hat emerges from the room, followed up the forward edge of the man's belly, and then finally, the man.  "Yeah?"

"Three rooms, please?"

"We don't have queen size beds."

Riley's hands find their way to the bridge of his nose, and he takes another deep breath. "We'll take whatever you have, but please, dear god, please have three separate rooms."

"Yeah, we gottem, how long?"

Victor mutters, "About 25 centimeters," and Chadwick stifles a laugh.  Riley turns around, eye widening.

"No funny business, got it, this is a good Christian establishment."

Riley's lips become a fine line and has he closes his eyes and takes yet another deep breath, "No worries, sir, we're not–"

"I don't want to get into your business, son."

Riley drops a credit card on the counter, and the man swipes it up.  Moments later, he has three keys in his hands, and they are heading to find rooms 205, 206, and 207.   "Freshen up, and then we should probably start at the bowling alley across the street.  Meth dealers and bowling alleys seem about right."

***

By the time they are refreshed and reconvened in Riley's room, the sun has begun to set, and a strong wind has picked up, a certain chill carried on it.  The Seven Lanes of Heaven Bowling Alley and Pizzeria is situated across the street from the motel.  Chadwick's well-tailored suit collects a thin patina of dust as they exit the hotel and cross into the intersection.

It is a glowing beacon of light in the early evening light.  The edges of the building a traced in red and blue neon backed by shining chrome.  The building is rounded over at every corner, like a panel from a Gernsbacher illustration, an alien landing party out of place in time.

The din of bowling balls violently colliding with pins combined with country music playing on long-damaged speakers assaults them as they breach the threshold of the bowling alley.  As if in time with the music, the pungent mixture of stale cigarettes and breaded and fried things on sticks slam into them, causing Victor to cough, small pains shooting through his lungs.

The man sitting behind the shoe counter raises his head from his crossword puzzle at the sound of Victor's coughing.  Riley squints his eyes at the man, and then walks up to the counter, "Don't you work at the motel?"

The man's belly shakes in fascinating waves as the man laughs, "That's my brother, people say we look alike."

Victor walks up behind Riley, "Size 44 please."

"Only goes up to 12, son."

"Sorry, my friends aren't from the states, I believe size 44 would be 11s." Riley raises an eye brow and looks down at Victor's feet.

Chadwick steps to the other side of Riley, "and this kid," he claps his hand on Riley's opposite shoulder,draping his arm across Riley's back, "doesn't need anything near that size."

"I'm a size 10, thank you."

"You wish.  I'll take 43s."

"He means 10s, also."

The man behind the counter turns around and drops three pairs of shoes onto the counter.   "If you want drinks or food, it's around back, behind the lanes.  Mac can get you want you need."

Scooping up the shoes, they walk towards lane three and drop their shoes on the small benches lining the sides of the lane.  Victor and Riley begin putting on their bowling shoes, but Chadwick remains standing, "We are not going to really bowl, are we?"

"Need to keep cover," Riley shrugs.

"This will require alcohol."

Victor pulls his laces tight, and jumps out of his seat, "right, I got this," and he jogs towards the neon sign, in pink this time, that reads "beer".

The bar behind the lanes is a simple set of shelves with a make-shift counter top, barely wide enough for a single person to sit at.  The rough, unfinished wood of the counter digs into Victor's arm as he leans in to look at the empty shelves.

Moments later, an emaciated man with dirty blond hair slinks into the bar from someplace unseen, and takes up his guard behind the counter. "Right, brotha, I need refreshments."

His mouth frozen in a line as he speaks, "we got beer, budlight."

"Nah, brov, I need something stronger."

"We're dry."

"Dry? By what definition, you got beer?"

"Beer only, Sheila has harder stuff."

"Yeah, who's that bird?  Send her over, lane three."

The man's head pulses in a slight up and down motion.  If Victor hadn't been staring at the man, he might have missed it.  Victor shakes his head and returns back to lane three.

"Vic, where's the alcohol?"

"Right, This place is stupid, innit? Dry, a fucking dry town, what the fuck?"

Riley holds back a laugh, smirk spreading across his face.

"Little Mr. T-totaler seems to be enjoying himself.  Now what?"

"Anyway, skelator behind the counter mentions a bird named Sheila having harder stuff, so he's going to send her over."

"Then, let's bowl?"

Chadwick stands up, picking up a pink six pound ball and hands it to Riley, "Go head, show us how it's done."

The settle into the rhythm of bowling, and have seven frames down in a short time, Chadwick and Riley leapfrog each other across every frame, taking and giving the lead.

Riley, having upgraded to a twelve pound ball is interrupted mid-swing by a clearing of a throat.  A woman is standing at their lane, cigarette dangling from her lip.  The brunswick green of her floor-length quilted coat contrasts against the brightness of her wild red hair, strands flying in all directions.

"I hear you boys are looking for some refreshments."  The twang in her voice punctuates her words.  Chadwick extends his hand in her direction, and she eyes it, and then looks back at Chadwick's face.  He retracts his hand as she continues, "I don't do business in a bowling alley, so after you are finished your little game, go over to my diner, and then we can talk."

She drops the remains of her cigarette onto the floor and grinds it into the floor.  Spinning on her heals, her coat flairs out behind her, and she clomps away.  

***

If a word could describe Sheila's Diner, it would be immaculate.  Every chrome surface is polished to a high shine, not a single finger print mars the surface.  The white tile on the floor contains no shoe scuffs, and every bit of the red neon glows perfect and bright, without any indication of ballast troubles.

But the door is locked, and Chadwick and Victor can only stare in from the outside.   "She isn't there," Riley sighs, "If you want to continue knocking, waiting for her to return, fine, but I'm going to go work on the detonators."

"Way to leave the mission hanging, brov."

Riley rolls his eyes and crosses the street, destined for the hotel room.

"I bet he's going to go have a wank."  Chadwick makes an obscene gesture with his hand.  When they turn around to face Sheila's diner again, the both jump back.  Sheila is standing behind the door, a new cigarette dangling from her lip, unlit.

The deadbolt clicks open, and she pulls the door inward.  "Get your ass in here, boys."  They step through, and she re-engages the lock behind them.  "As you know, this county is dry, but I keep a stash.  What do you want?"

"Well," Chadwick begins, "I'd like to find if you have something harder than alcohol."

Her eyes narrow at him as she slips behind the counter.  Chadwick's astute ears pick up the click of a gun hammer priming its position.  Chadwick continues, "How do I put this?  Oh, I'll just be blunt, we represent an interested party who would like to help this town extend the distribution of its fine products over on the continent."

"I do make a fine peach pie."

"My dear woman, I'm sure your pie is lovely, we are talking drugs, hard drugs."

"I don't know what you are talking about, son."  The wrinkles in her face deepen with her scowl.

"The mingin bird ain't got shit, brov."  Victor slaps Chadwick's shoulder with the back of his hand, "let's jet."

"How much are you offering?"

"My… employer… would like to learn how you produce your fine product so we can produce within our own borders."

"Yeah?"

"Yes, well, and of course, we would pay you royalties, quarterly?"

"I would need some earnest money up front."

"And we would need some initial product up front.  To help fill the pipelines, as it were."

"How much?"

"Our cargo hold can hold 240 cubic feet.  And we have 250k in american dollars for the initial education."

"You got a brain to help you cook?"

"Yes, he was our little friend who was with her earlier.  Sad little chap, but wicked smart."

"I couldn't provide your needed education for less than $300 thousand."

Chadwick's eyes grow in size, and then he pulls out his phone.  He pretends to be texting to his employer, but he plays sudoku instead.  Sheila clears her throat, and he holds up a finger.  After a full two minutes, he puts his phone away, "Done," with a shrug.

Sheila pulls the peach pie out from the pie case, and slices three large pieces, placing each one in a small, white styrofoam container.  Her movements are practiced, rote, as she places the three containers into a brown paper bag, and slides the bag across the counter, "Best damn pie in the state.  Come back tomorrow morning, and we'll begin.  Bring half the money up front."

"Could we wire it into an account instead of dealing with cash?"

Sheila shrugs, "as long as I get it, I don't much care how."

Chadwick nods, turns around, and unlocks the door while Victor scoops up the bag of pie, and they both exit.  They hear the door lock behind them, but they do not look back.

***
Riley is sitting in the bar of the motel.  The crowd is young, full of college age people.  Most of them are wearing jeans and tee-shirts, and the air is a sea of sports, politics, and gossip.  Riley is alone at a table, sitting in the corner, book in hand, a cup of coffee letting off steam on his table.  Riley's eyes are distracted, looking up and over his book at the crowd.

As he scans the room for the tenth time, his eyes linger on one man, around his own age with dark blue eyes, almost black in the low light of the bar.  His white tee-shirt turned tan from the dust outside clings to his chest.  He's locked in conversation with a woman who's laugh rises above the din of the bar.  She throws her head back, and lands a hand on her chest.

Riley sighs, and returns to his book, but only for a brief moment before his eyes return to the man.  Their eyes meet, and Riley looks away.  His heart pounds in his ears.  A moment passes, but Riley dare not look again.  A finger appears, and pulls the book down out of his face.  The man is standing.  He motions for the chair, and Riley nods.

He extends a thick calloused hand towards Riley, "I'm Charlie."  Riley closes his book, and places it down on the table.  His hands are slow, and he takes Charlie's hand.  Charlie's fingers are strong and curl around Riley's, dwarfing his.

"I'm Riley, nice to meet you."

When Charlie smiles, a dimple forms in his left cheek.  He brushes hair out of his eyes, and his voice is deep, "You aren't from here."

Riley shakes his head, "Nah, Chicago originally, but I live in London now."

"It's a pretty boring town."  Riley nods and takes a sip of his coffee, trying to steady his hands.  "Only thing to really do is, you know, bowl or screw."

Riley coughs. "I've already bowled today."  Charlie's eyebrow raises.  "Um, I… I didn't…"

Charlie laughs, "I guess we are on the same page then.  Room 109."  He stands up, and walks out of the bar.  The woman who are previously talking to Charlie has settled into a table nearby, a glass of red wine in her hand.  Her eyes are digging holes into Riley.  He stands, and begins to walk toward the exit with quick steps.

Chadwick and Victor enter the bar as Riley reaches the exit.  Chadwick puts a hand on Riley's chest to stop him from exiting, "Where are you rushing off to?"

"Nowhere, just, um, back to my room.  The bar's too…um… crowded… for my tastes."

"You are a weird little man, Riley Price."  Riley nods his head and pushes passed Chadwick and Victor, disappearing through the door.

Victor's eyes lock onto the woman drinking red wine, and he elbows Chadwick in the rib, "One of these birds is not like the others."  He takes her in.  Among the field of generic-brand tee-shirts and jeans, her designer top and form fitting leggings stand out.   The yellow of her jacket, hanging on the back of her chair, is a beacon of color in a sea of beige and denim.

Her wine glass is suspended at the end of a delicate hand, while her other hand is preoccupied with a pen and notepad.  Before Chadwick can blink, Victor is sitting at her table.  She places the pen down, and closes the notebook.

"Oh hello.  Aren't you a peach?"  She voice is light and airy.

"Yeah, that's right, innit.  You're mighty fit."

Her laugh pieces to bar again, "You aren't from here.  What do you think of this town?  I think there is a story here, I can feel it in my bones."

"Yeah, I can feel in my bone."

"That accent of yours is adorable.  What is it? South-side London?"

"What?"

"Oh, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude, I'm April O'Neill, freelance writer and reporter.  I'm working on a story about this town.  It's absolutely fascinating.  College kids seem to flock here during the summer.  This one strapping one," she breaths in deeply, "he told me there was nothing to do here but bowl and fuck."  She pulls open her notebook and picks up her pen again.  "And what was your name?"

"Right, a bit wordy there, aren't ya?  I'm Victor Inkwell, international playboy."

"Hah! So you are here for the fucking?"

"Aren't we all?"

Her laugh pieces the bar a third time, heads are beginning to turn in her direction, "Is your friend going to stand there lurking in the corner all night, or is he going to join us?"  Victor motions for Chadwick to approach, and he does, dropping into the third chair at the table.  "You, I think I know you."

Chadwick shakes his head, "I highly doubt it."

"Wadsworth? No, that's not right," her eyes squint and her mouth bunches together, "Worthington, recently deceased, the second?"  She rifles through her notebook, stopping on a page full of diagrams, and her finger slams into it, "Here it is, Chadwick, scion of the Worthington Family."

"How? How did you?"

"It's obvious, innit, Bird's a journalist"

"Bloody hell."

She downs the last half of her wine in a single gulp, and wipes her mouth with the back of her hand,  "Let's get out of here. It's supposed to be a nice night, so how about a walk?"

Chadwick and Victor both stand as she stands up.  She grabs one of each of their hands, and leads them out of the bar into the thick night air outside.  "Come on boys, let's go explore."

They talk about her project, and the story she is writing about the town.  She is convinced there is a secret here, and she wants to uncover it.  The flirting between her and Victor is thick and layered, and Chadwick feels distant from them.  After an hour of walk, they come across a church, lights burning from inside on an otherwise dark and empty road.

The outside of the church is a patchwork of concrete made to look like traditional stone construction.  April runs her hands across the surface, "I once interviewed this man who makes this stuff, and he calls it 'sexy concrete'.  Can you believe?"

"It looks like it would hurt, doesn't it?" Victor feels the rough exterior of the concrete and pulls his hand back.

April laughs and places her arm around Victor's waist, "Let's go in."

Chadwick rolls his eyes, and pulls the door open, holding it open for them.  He motions with his arm for them to enter, and all three enter the building.  The talking from within silences as they cross the threshold.  A priest is standing near the altar of the church, and Sheila, Mac, and the motel owner all turn around in their pew to stare at the interlopers.

April's feet are quick and carry her to the front of the church, extending a hand towards the priest.  "Hello, we were just walking by and saw the light on."  Sheila's eyes lock onto Chadwick's, digging into them with accusations unspoken.

The priest spreads his arms wide, "Welcome, my children, to Christ the Redeemer, I am your humble servant, Father James Adalaid.  How can I be of service to you?"

Victor pushes forward, passed his companions, "Right, interesting place, innit?  How's the glass lit?  Ain't no windows outside, right?"

A smile spreads across the priest's mouth, "Would you like to hear the history of the fabled stained glass of the Redeemer?"

April steps in front of Victor, "Oh, I've heard about this, please, tell me everything!" She pulls her notebook from her handbag, along with a pen, and she settles into a pew.  The priest sermonizes the history of the stain glass and how it came to be at Christ the Redeemer during World War II.  He spares no detail, and April drinks it in, parched for the history.

Chadwick and Victor alternate between dozing off and elbowing one to keep the other awake.  Thirty minutes pass, and Father Adalaid brings his hands together in front of him with a small clap.  Chadwick and Victor start in their seat, waking fully with the clap.  "And that, my dear, is the full history of the fabled Stained Glass of the Redeemer."

"Fascinating!" Chadwick and Victor exchange looks as they stand.  Victor locks his arm around April's waist, turning her away from the altar as she thanks the father repeatedly.  Chadwick nods to Sheila and Mac, and shakes the priest's hand.

They walk down the walkway, passed a donation box, and Victor drops a 10 pound note into the donation box, as they exit.

"All that history!  So amazing!  Wasn't that fascinating?  That will definitely go into my article about this town."

"Uh-huh, fascinating."  Chadwick's voice is flat.  They walk back towards the motel, as April regals them with tales of her last research assignment in Canada.

The walk back to the motel is quicker than the walk out, their pace quicker, Chadwick leading the pack.  When they reach the motel, Victor interrupts April, "Should we get a drink?"

April yawns and it fills the silence of the night. "I think it's time to retire."  She puts her arm around Victor's waist, squeezing, pulling him closer to her.  "Care to keep me company?" Victor and Chadwick exchange a look that does not go unnoticed. "Oh don't worry, Chadwick, you'll have your chance later, I mean, unless…"  She points at finger at Chadwick and another at Victor, and then moves them together.

Chadwick puts his hands up and raises his eyebrows, "Not again, have fun you two."