Kyle reaches out and brushes Isabelle's hair out of her face and smiles.  "You should be safe here."

Isabelle's eyes roll back into her head, "because there is fuck all to do here, uncle.  And what is this?" She motions into the doorway at the small flat behind her.  The gold and burnt sierra tile flooring reflects the light of the sun through the windows, ringing her hair in a golden light.  The flat is a single room, a small single bed in the corner, and a desk under the large, barred window opposite the door.

"It's the best we can do right now, dear.  Make sure you engage all three of the locks, and there is a small panic button wired directly to the metro service should you need it.  It's under the desk, right side."

Isabelle folds her arms, kicking her hip out to the side, "And what about personal protection?"

He hands her a small canister of mace.  She exhales, moving her lower jaw to the side as she does so.  Kyle places the canister of mace into her outstretched hand, but she does not drop her hand when he does.  They stare at each other for another moment because his shoulders slump forward, and he produces a taser from his coat pocket.  "Only for emergencies."

"What else would I use it for? sex?"

Kyle coughs, "Yes well, I've plenty about what you get up to in your free time.  If only my sister…"

"Paid attention?"

"Yes well, She has a very successful career."

"And a not so successful family.  I hope she thinks it's worth it."

Kyle's phone dings, and he reads the message that popped up.  He leans in and gives Isabelle a kiss on the check, "Well, dear, I must away, duty calls."

She closes the door as he turns to leave, mobile to his ear.  "Yes, Mum, I am leaving right now.  Should be no more than an hour. Yes, Mum, I do know a DHS field agent in Des Moine.  Yes, Mum."

Kyle's return trip to LOGIC site beta is filled with hold music and transfers while he arranges an observation trip to Orientation, Iowa, and the requisite support from the department of homeland security.  "Thank you, John, I will see you on the ground in Des Moine, please have an agent observing until I arrive in Orientation.  Thank you so much, Agent Parker."

***

April turns over with a grunt, wrapping the shirt around her body, pulling them free form Victor's body.  He's been awake, staring at the ceiling for the last thirty minutes, but as his naked body is exposed to the cold morning air, he stands up.  He rubs his head as he surveys the damage to his room.  Shards of a broken lamp congregate in the corner next to the tv.  He opens his duffle bag and retrieves a fresh pair of underwear, emerald green trunks, and pads across the room to the shower.

The streaming water traces down the angles of his body, washing the remaining sleep away.  He pulls his head out from under the water as arms wrap around his body.  Unvoiced words caress his ear, but he pulls her hands off and turns around, "Right, so that was fun last night, but I've got work to do."

She pulls back further and punches him in the stomach causing him to double over, coughing.  She spins the water to cold, and grabs the remaining clean towel to dry herself off.

As Victor is fumbling with the shower knobs, picking himself up off the ground, the sound of the room door slamming closed sends a shockwave through him.  The water pools around Victor's feet as he searches for a towel.

Chadwick clears his throat from the doorway of the bathroom, "That must have been some night?"

Victor stands up, doing nothing to cover himself.  Chadwick looks at the ceiling, "Yeah, bird's wild."

"Could you please put some clothes on?"

"Not until I'm dry."

Chadwick turns around, walks out of the room, and reappears moments later, a clean, white towel in his hand.  Victor takes the towel and wraps it around his waist.  They retreat from the bathroom, and Chadwick's eyes swarm around the room, "She must be quite spirited."

Victor continues to dry off and slip into his clothing as he recounts the highlights of his escapades with April.   Once fully dressed, Chadwick interrupts, "Mate, we do not need to share quite so much information about our sex lives, right?"

Victor nods, "Let's go find the little poof, see what he got himself up to last night."

***

The third time they knock on Riley's door with no answer is enough to break Chadwick.  He pulls out two small pieces of metal, one bent like an 'L' and the other like a file with an upturned narrow edge on one side.  After a few minutes of fiddling with the lock pick and tension wrench, the door pops open.

Riley's room resembles his lab at LOGIC site alpha, only scaled down with no shooting range.  A small cluster of computers blink mournfully in the early morning light, with Riley, face down, on the keyboard of his laptop.

Small beakers of chemicals sit nearby, the acrid smell of unknown chemical reactions fills the room.  Chadwick and Victor cover their mouths with their shirts.  Victor moves through the room and opens the window, sunlight bursting through as he draws the shades up.  The cool morning air begins to move into the room.

Chadwick walks over to Riley, and prods him with a single finger.  "Is he dead?"

Victor joins, and presses two fingers against Riley's neck.  slow, rhythmic pulses are felt under his fingers, "Still has a pulse." Victor shrugs.

Chadwick picks Riley's head up in his hands, and then, balancing it in one hand, delivers a percussive slap across Riley's face.  He is up in a flash, and there is a knife at Chadwick's throat.  Riley's eyes are wide and darting around the room, his breath heavy and labored.  Chadwick is a statue.

"Now just a minute, Riley."

Riley lowers the knife as comprehension and calmness sweeps through his body.  "Oh, sorry, reflexes."

"Do you get slapped awake often?"

"Only by your daddy."

Chadwick closes his eyes and shakes his head, "What have you gotten up to last night?"

"I was trying to make meth.  The videos on YouTube are completely wrong."

"Obviously.  We think we found something quite interesting last night."  Chadwick fills Riley in on the church and April, Victor chiming in to try to add explicit details about his night with April, but both Riley and Chadwick silence his contributions.

Chadwick glances down at his Breitling watch, an understated silver watch with an ivory face, "It is time to meet Sheila.  Riley, get cleaned up quick."

Riley nods, walking into the bathroom and shutting the door behind him.  The sound of the shower fills the room, and Chadwick begins to pull open drawers, reading notebooks.  After a brief moment, he opens Riley's suitcase.

"What's that about then?" Victor asks as Chadwick pushes clothes around the suitcase.

"I'm sure there is something I can use to embarrass Riley later."  Chadwick opens a small box from the inside of Riley's suitcase.  "Not embarrassing, but these explosives could come in handy."  Chadwick places a small handful of the marble-sized explosives in his pants pocket.

The bathroom door clicks open behind them and Riley emerges with a towel around his waist.  He pauses in the doorway of the bathoom, looking back and forth between Chadwick and Victor, hovering above his suitcase.  He walks over to them, eyes still darting between them, and pulls a pair of trunks from his suitcase, along with a tee-shirt and a fresh pair of jeans.

"Like pink, do you?" Victor asks.

"Shut up, it came in a variety pack."

"Nothing wrong with pink, brov, just gotta own it."

Riley disappears behind the bathroom door and emerges in the tee-shirt and jeans.  The tee-shirt is a black shirt with large white letters that read "No."  He runs his fingers through his wet hair, pushing it to the side and back.  As he pulls his trainers on, "Is she expecting the wire transfer immediately?"

Chadwick rubs the back of his neck, "Have the money up front, if memory serves."

"We need to get approval from Thornhill for that kind of money, and she won't be happy."

"Right well, We can use the time zone difference as a smoke screen, banks in the UK already closed and what not."

"Yeah, and I could hack into–  No, wait, no, I better not, that's the whole– nevermind, I'm not supposed to talk about that."

"Oh, does our little Riley have a secret?"

"No."  Riley points to his shirt.

"We do have ways of making you talk."

"Alright, brovs, we're late, let's git."

***

Sheila's diner is packed this morning.  When Victor, Chadwick, and Riley enter the diner, Victor's eyes immediately meet April's.  She is mid-bite and the fork hovers just outside of her mouth as she stares at him.  He turns away, cheeks flushing red, sweat beginning to seep out of his armpits.

Sheila is behind the counter. Her wild hair partially tamed under a paper hat, pencil sticking out from behind her ear.  She looks at Chadwick for a moment, and motions for a table.  Victor releases his held breath as the table is on the opposite of the diner from April.

"What can I get you?"

"Be a love, and fetch some tea, please."

"We got sweet or unsweet."

Chadwick's nose crinkles, "I'll have some hot water with lemon then."

Victor's eyes are locked on April's as she shoots daggers into his.  Riley nudges Victor in the side, "If looks could kill."

"Had a bit of a nasty morning, ya?"

Chadwick turns around to look at April, but Victor grabs his arm to stop him from turning fully, "Eyes center, you git."

"Am I getting you boys some food?"  Sheila taps her pencil against her notebook.

"I'll have a coffee, black, and based on the fact that everyone seems to be eating the french toast, I'll take that.  It must be good."

"If you like peaches."

Riley nods, "they'll take the same."

Sheila scribbles in her notebook and then walks away.  A few moments of silence later and she returns dropping a cup of coffee on the table with slushy abandon.  The tense silence between the agents continue as Victor's eyes fail to leave April.  The sound of her typing on her laptop echoes over the din of the diner, fingers flying over the keyboard.

One by one, the regular customers of the diner clear out, disappearing in the harsh morning light.  By the time the boys have food in front of them, the diner is near empty.  April does not move, having long since finished her french toast and coffee.

The anger in Sheila's eyes is radiates heat that Victor interprets as a need to do something about April.  He stands up and walks over to April, "Right, so like, I wasn't trying to be rude or whatever."

Her eyes are thin lines as she looks up at Victor, "Oh, no worries, mornings are so awkward. I mean, you're an asshole, but what was I expecting? I always sleep with the assholes."

"Right, yeah, so like do you have a story to write?"

She leans in, her voice dropping to a whisper as she looks around, "Yes, and I think the church has something to do with it."  She leans back into her booth, "But first, I have this blog post to write about emotionally-stunted little boys parading around as men.  Like that one," she points in Riley's direction, "You should have seen the muscles on the boy he left the bar with last night."

"Riley copped off with some bloke?"

Sheila comes up behind them, "Dear, I'm going to have to ask you to either buy more food, or pack up that laptop and write someplace else.  The motel bar across the way might be a better location."

April closes her laptop and looks up at Sheila, "Oh yes, of course, I'm so sorry."  She drops a twenty on the table, and throws her laptop under her arm, "Oh Ms Sheila," she places her hand lightly on Sheila's forearm, "the french toast was just amazing, who would have thought to caramelize peaches for french toast.  Would you mind sharing the recipe with my readers?"

Victor takes April by the arm, but April brushes his hand away.  She looks at him, mouth and eye brows lopsided as she turns to leave.  "My readers will love this place.  I hope you are ready for an influx of city folks."  She walks out the door.

Sheila locks the door and turns the sign to closed.  "I thought she'd never leave.  She thinks she's the next Burnstein."  she spins around with her arms wide, waving one with an upturned palm towards the kitchen, "This way, boys."

An empty fryer sits at the far end of the kitchen under a stainless steel air vent.  Sheila walks up to it, and raises one of the fryer baskets up and presses it in.  A rumble emanates from the fryer, and it begins to move, a lethargic retreat into the wall, revealing a dark pit, and the edge of an aluminum ladder disappearing into the depths.  "Hope you boys aren't afraid of the dark.  This way."  Sheila steps to the edge of the pit, positioning her feet on unseen rungs, and begins to descend in stepped motions down.

Chadwick follows after Sheila, and Victor next.  Riley perches at the edge of the pit, peering down as Victor's head is swallowed by the darkness.  He swallows and leans over the pit, "Um, guys?"

Victor calls out of the darkness, "Man up, tosser."

Riley swings his legs around, feeling for the rungs of the ladder.  They climb down in darkness, and their eyes  adjust to the lack of light.  A rough-hewn walls of the chute narrow in as they continue further down, pressing in close to their backs.

Chadwick hears a muffled scraping of feet against dirty, and then the rungs of the ladder disappear.  Sheila's voice rings out from the darkness, "Walk your hands to the end and then let go.  It's about a 4 foot drop at that point."

Chadwick's voice is shaky, "But then, how do we get back up?"

"There's a rope, but it's hard to grab in the dark."

Chadwick does as instructed and drops down, silent onto the ground next to Sheila.  He moves out from under the shoot just in time as Victor drops down next to him.

They wait for Riley.  Moments pass with no sound.  Chadwick's voice is laced with impatience, "All right there, Riley?"

"No… no… not at all.  They could really do with some lighting down here."

Chadwick pulls out his mobile and switches on the led on the front of it.  "Better?"  Riley is dangling from his arms out of the hole in the ceiling, his face moist, teeth extracting blood from his lower lip.  "Don't bite your lip when you drop."

Riley breaths in deep and let's go of his hands.  He drops down to the ground, feet connecting, the sound of the impact rings out across the intersection where they are standing.  A similar construction as the hole, four tunnels stretch out beyond the radius of the tiny led.  Riley crumples to the ground.

"For fuck's sake, Riley."

Through deep breaths meant to calm him, he sputters, "I'm fine."

Sheila retrieves a four small flashlights from the wall and hands one to each of the boys.  The flashlights burst to life, filling the room with a dazzling light.  They all wince against the sudden burst of light as their eyes adjust.

With his vision returned, Chadwick further surveys the area in front of them.  The tunnel ceilings are short, shorter than a normal person should be expected to walk through.  Sheila's short stature affords her a comfort that the others are not as she leads them down one of the tunnels.

Sheila leads them through a dizzying array of interconnected tunnels that seem to wind and intersect at random, unplanned angles.  Chadwick tried to keep the path they took straight, but after the twelfth time coming back to what looks like the exact same intersection of tunnels, he gives up.  Time passes at a snails pace as they make their way through the subterranean labyrinth.

One long straight tunnel with a light at the end appears from around a corner, and they continue in its direction.  Half way to the light, their flashlights click off, no longer needed from the glow of the room beyond.

The rough walls give way to the precision engineering of a fallout shelter, smooth steel walls, and banks of tube lights spread at even intervals across the room.  In the middle of the room, a grid of steel tables arranged in a perfect grid.

The narrow passages between the tables are filled with people in white jumpsuits wearing respirators and safety glasses tending to glassware filled with various liquids and powders.  Sheila takes face masks off of the wall near the entrance and hands them to the agents.

Her voice is muffled through the mask, "We have setups like this all over town."  Chadwick looks around at the people working the glassware.  He recognizes a few of them from the motel bar last night.

"Your workers appear to be rather young.  Is there a purpose for this?"

"Yeah, kids born into this town have no hopes of leaving, normally, so we get them to work up the meth and in exchange, we create a college fund with their earnings."

"That's damn noble, innit."

"Maybe, but most of the time, they come back during the summer to keep cooking for us.  The good ones leave and never come back, but that's one in a hundred."

"Interesting, now, Ms. Sheila, how much do you cook up in a week?"

"We wholesale about a couple million a week, given our location, a truck comes in with our supplies and cash, stays a week, and then drives away with the product."

Chadwick is walking around the room, inspecting the work stations as he continues to question Sheila, "And what about quality?"

"Now you are asking interesting questions.  Drifters come into town, and we give them jobs, lacing their food with the product, set them up with something to harness the drug's effects.  How do you think I keep my diner so spotless?"

Chadwick turns towards her, eyes wide, "How is that quality control?"

"None have dropped dead on us."

Chadwick nods once, letting gravity take his head into a hanging position, bounce at the end of the motion. "Well, that's something, I guess."

"Anymore questions?"

"How many of these operations do you have in this town?"

Sheila shakes her head, "A fair few, but I ain't gonna be givin no specifics."

***

The ride from Des Moine to Orientation has covered Kyle's entire body is a fine layer of dirt that renders him an antique photo, sepia on brown.  The once black Victory Gunner is equally covered and beige.

He pulls into the parking lot of the bowling alley, slapping the kickstand down, and brushing his hands down his front before removing the gloves.  Streaks of green under the brown are revealed as he pulls his helmet off.

The text on his mobile reads "Lane 7".  Walking through the doors, hand up against the ensuing smells of the interior, Kyle walks to lane seven.  The pink glow of the beer sign mixes sickly with the beige of his dirt covered closes.

A man is sitting staring at the score sheet of Lane 7.  Kyle clears his throat and the man's head jerks up.  Not John.  The man stands with manic motions, "John sent me.  Your boys have been in Sheila's diner for quite some time.  This place," his words are frantic, "it's a bad spot, our kind disappear all the time, but it isn't safe to talk here, they are listening, always listening, come, come let's go outside, away from the ears.  All the ears."  The man barely finishes his words before he's racing out the door.

Kyle follows him outside, not a fast or a slow pace, but Kyle takes his time.  The man squats on a bench, and he waves Kyle over.  "I'm sorry, sir, but I did not ask your name.  I was expecting John Parker from DHS."

"John's gone, missing, two days ago.  They got him."

"And who is 'they' exactly?"

"Aliens.  They pick this place clean, only target g-men."

"I see."

The man jumps off of the bench and presses his face into Kyle's, hands on each side of his cheeks.  "But you don't see.  They are all around.  Aliens, they, they probe you."  He draws out the 'o' on probe.

Kyle disengages from the man, brusquely removing the man's hands from his face.  "Dear sir, you must calm down.  My boys, they are in the diner?  Then let us go to the diner."  Kyle walks next door to Sheila's diner and inspects the door.  Locked.

"Of course it's locked, she's one of them, the aliens, you should see her eyes, dead inside, I tell you.  They probed her, and got all up in her, and now they are wear her like a cheap suit."

Kyle turns from the door to face the man, "Why don't you phone the department for backup, over there." Kyle points to the motel, and the man turns around, and then looks back at Kyle and nods.  He runs across the street paying no attention to the cars that must slam on their brakes to avoid hitting him.  Horns blare out across the sleepy town.

Kyle turns back towards the diner, and pulls a small leather case from his jacket pocket.  He pulls open the zippered case and retrieves a lock pick and a tension wrench, and then bends over the lock, inserting the tools into it.

He only has the first pin set when there is a tap on his shoulder, and a smooth voice growls into his ear, "I do not think God would appreciate what you are doing, sir."

Kyle turns around to face the man who is wearing all black with a Roman collar, a broad smile across his face.  Kyle puts his hands on his hips, pushing his jacket back, exposing the shoulder holster and the stowed 9mm.  The smile does not leave Fr Adelaide's face as he extends his hand, "I'm Father James Adelaide of Christ the Redeemer.  Have you been to our humble little church?"

Kyle shakes his head.

"Come, why don't you come down to the church, we can wait for Sheila's delectable peach pie.  She reopens for lunch."  Fr Adelaide looks at his watch, "Which will be in two hours."

"I'm a lapsed Catholic."

"Isn't it wonderful that God is merciful and forgiving that even a lapsed Catholic is welcomed into the fold?  Come, it's a lovely little church.  You wouldn't want me to have to call the local police, now would you?"

Kyle rolls his eyes and sighs, "No one would want that."  Kyle motions towards his motorcycle, and offers Fr Adelaide his helmet.  A quick drive down the road, and they arrive in front of the church.  The doors are unlocked, and they walk in.

Upon entering the church, the father motions towards the confessional. "The first step on the path of righteousness is to confess before God all your sins so that you may repent your wicked ways."

Kyle nods, "I haven't really sinned."

"Come, child, we are all sinners, and we all must confess."  Fr Adelaide's hands are strong against Kyle's back as he pulls the door open and shoves Kyle into the confessional booth.  Kyle lands hard against the wooden interior, crumpling to the ground as the sound of a latch engages.

The screened panel between the priest's section and the confessor's section slides open.  "Now, tell me why you are really here."

Something clicks in Kyle's head as a throbbing low tone begins to play.  "I work for an organization called Logic." Why did he just say that?

Fr Adelaide's voice presses in, "And what do you do?"

"I serve the Queen of England."

"In what capacity?"

He would never tell the priest this. "I lead a team of mercenaries, we were sent to break up a drug operation.  Hired by DHS." What? Why is he talking?

"The protestant whore wants to meddle in our business.  Who else is here?  Who else is working with you?"

Kyle's nerves steel themselves against the throbbing sound, having gained hold of his senses again, "Just an old field at the bowling alley."

"Is your friend from around here?"

"No."

"Then why meet at the bowling alley?"

"I heard you have some very nice churches in this town."

Father Adelaide clears his throat, and the throbbing sound intensifies.  "Have you heard about the fabled stained glass windows of the redeemer."

"No."

***

"Your order should be put together soon.  Maybe another ten minute." Sheila returns the phone to the wall.  They have been wandering for the better part of an hour through the underground tunnels. 

"Right so, how much do you store at a time?"

"Finished product? We have a number of vats, but you don't need specifics."

Victor's questions are rapid fire about the size and extent of her operation, what makes a sellable product, and how they keep quality under control.  This affords Chadwick an opportunity to walk around.

At the far end of the current lab, he notices a woman sitting in the corner, reading a book.  She approaches her, smiling wide.  She lifts her head from the book, looking up to him with dark brown eyes.  Her smile is tight and constrained, "You are blocking my light."

"Come here often?"  Chadwick lays down the worst pickup line of his life.

A brief moment passes between them as she let's out a ruckus laugh that fills the room.  "You can't be serious?"

"Quite right."

"Where are you from?  Because I can't understand a damn word you say."

They continue to banter back and forth for a while because she excuses herself and goes back to work.  She leans in and gives him a kiss on his cheek and whispers, "I get off at 9, meet me in sector 7," and she runs off to her table.

Sheila eyes Chadwick, "If you are done hitting on my niece, we can finish her."

Chadwick looks at the woman, and then walks back towards Sheila, "So, do we have a deal, teach our little science nerd how to cook?"  He pats Riley on the back.  Riley rolls his eyes.

"That's not up to me.  I'll take to the boss man, and if he's okay with the deal, then we'll teach you.  If not, well, let's hope he agrees."

The sunlight on the other side of the access panel blinds them, and all three of the boys return their sunglasses to their eyes.   The panel drops them outside the back of the diner, and they begin to head back to the motel.

As they round the corner of the side of the diner, a man with wide, frantically moving blue eyes runs up to them and grabs Riley's shoulders.  "Did the aliens get you?  Were you probed?"

Riley kicks the man in the stomach, and he sprawls out into the dirt of the parking lot.  "Your friend…uh…uh…uh…Quinten. Aliens got 'im.  The high school, they are at the high school, so many aliens."  The man runs off as Riley's mobile beeps as the handshakes with the cellular towers finish.

Riley pulls his mobile out, squinting to read the screen against the sunlight.  "Fuck."

"What, brov?"

"Kyle is here, and the priest has him locked in the church."

***

Chadwick and Victor line either side of the double doors leading into the church, guns drawn.  Victor's face streaked with the reflected sunlight off his desert eagles.  Riley is pressed against the wall next to Chadwick.

Chadwick holds his hand up, three fingers extended.  He removes them one at a time, and on three, Victor and Chadwick kick the doors inward, guns held out in front of them.  Fr Adelaide pokes his head out of the confessional, and Riley walks in behind them, breath and motions steady.

"Now boys, there is no need for that.  I was in the middle of a confession, if you don't mind waiting in the pews, and I'll be right with you."

Victor charges towards Fr Adelaide, wrapping his fingers around the priest's neck.  They struggle for a few moments until Fr Adelaide dislodges Victor's hands.  A quick poke with two fingers into Victor's neck and he drops to the ground trying to catch his breath.

Chadwick has closed the gap between them, cane in hand.  He extends the cane out towards Fr Adelaide, but the priest sidesteps, and the cane passes him, unharmed.  His hands grab around the cane, and rip it from Chadwick's hands.  He breaks the cane over his knee, and the crackle of the stored energy fills the room.

In the commotion, Riley has walked over to the prayer candles, and has dismantled one of the lighters resting on the counter.  After a little fiddling, and pulling a small transmitter from his pocket, he sprints towards Fr Adelaide.

He jumps off the ground, connecting his shoulder into the priest's stomach, arms wrapping around him.  They skid across the ground, and Riley's hand finds purchase on the back of the priest's neck.  The instabond glue Riley placed on the device sticks to the father's skin, and Riley stands.  Fr Adelaide's hands pull frantically on the device on the back of his neck, but it will not move.

"No use, Father, I just put a small explosive device on your neck, and that glue, it's not going to come off anytime soon."

"You are goddamn crazy."

"Tsk tsk, Father, using the lord's name in vane."

Chadwick unlatches the confessional, letting Kyle out.

"Riley, that was a bit beyond what was needed to disable the priest."

"What? Explosives are in my wheel house."

"Goddamn, Rambo, here" Chadwick points his thumb at Riley and Riley shrugs.

"Father, please get in the confessional, it is time for you to confess your sins."  Kyle pushes the priest into the confessional and clicks the latch back into place.