The banging on the confessional door subsides after a full five minutes of tantrum from Fr Adelaide.

"What's the plan, boys?"

"Saw those fuel trucks, didina?"

Chadwick and Riley nod, and then Riley smiles, "We could turn those into bombs."

"It's a bloody good thing I stole those marble bombs out of your luggage and dropped them in the tunnels."

Riley's eyes become slits, "When were you in my luggage?"

"No matter, Riley, Chadwick, good job, now how do we limit casualties?  The children are mostly innocent, therefore, we should try to keep them from coming to harm."

"The motel bar's the key, innit? Wait for them to be pissed, blow it then."

"You'll never get away with it!  We'll take you down!" the muffled voice from the confessional calls out.

Riley wraps his hand into a fist and bangs on the door, "Shut up, you prick.  I still have my finger on the detonator."  The sound of a chair hitting the back of the confessional punctuates Riley's words.

"Right, well, then we must wait until the bar is full before going in.  Riley, stay here and watch after our dear friar.  We are going to go debrief a bit about the tunnels."

"Why do I get guard duty? I'm supposed to be in charge of this mission."

"Not any more, now that I'm here.  Thornhill's orders."

Riley folds his arms over his chest, "Why don't I just set off the bomb on the father's head and I go with you?"

"Riley!"

"Fine, whatever, I'll be here."

Chadwick, Victor, and Kyle walk down the aisle, leaving the church with a loud closing of the door.  "Father Adelaide?" Riley asks as he opens the priest section of the confessional.  The sound of soft breathing is the only sound Riley can hear as he shuts the door.

"You are a wicked, wicked boy."

"I'm not going to blow your head off.  Now tell me, what's your part in all of this?"

"Why would I tell you?"

Riley shrugs, and sinks back into the cushion of a plush red chair in the confessional.  "Fine, suit yourself, but man, this is going to be boring if we don't talk."

"Then tell me, child, why do you dress up like a little spy and play with guns?"

A laugh escapes Riley's mouth, "I'm not playing anything, man.  I enjoy this shit."

"Sad little boy, what are you trying to prove?"

"Prove?  Nothing.  Look, don't assume you know–"

"Boy, I know more about you than you think."

"Yeah, like what?"

"I know that the reason you left Chicago–"

"How do you know about that?  Wait, how did you know I was even in Chicago?"

Now it is Father Adelaide's turn to laugh, "Our fingers are everywhere, our network extends to the far reaches.  We are every present.  We are the watchers."

Riley nods his head, "uh-huh.  Do you believe in aliens, too?"

"Mock all you want.  You are never far from our grasp."  Father Adelaide's voice raises in fervor and volume, "We shall prevail!"

Riley slides the partition between the two sections of the confessional closed and lets out a held breath, "fucking loon."

***

Chadwick, Victor, and Kyle enter the bowling alley at half-passed three; the same sickening smell washes over them as they enter.  The seven lanes of heaven is quiet, save for a soft country music playing over the loudspeakers.  The proprietor of the alley eyes them as they walk in, hand moving under the desk.  "Can I help you boys?"

Kyle nods, walking a bit in front of the other two, "Yes sir, we are here to bowl a few games."

"Yeah," Victor steps next to Kyle, "we've been told there's only two things to do in this town, and option one is off the table until the bar gets raging."

The mustache of the man behind the counter raises in a smile and his belly begins to shake.  No sound escapes him, but this is his laugh.  "Take any lane you want,"  He points his finger behind him, "and help yourself to the shoes.  Pay on your way out."

All three of the boys from LOGIC nod, picking up shoes in appropriate sizes, and head to lane four.  Chadwick drops his shoes onto the ground, "Right, let get pissed."  He jogs off towards Lane Seven and the pink bar sign.

Mac is running a rag along the bar counter, the lacquer on the wood rubbing thin on the spot.  His eyes are vacant, unseeing, as he moves the rag in ellipses along the counter.  Chadwick snaps his fingers in front of Mac's face, and Mac jumps back, stumbling into the shelves behind the bar.

"What the fuck, man, what the fuck?"  His voice is frantic, edged with tension.

"Sorry, Trying to get your attention."

Mac's limbs vibrate with energy as he pulls himself back up to standing, "What?  What do you want?"

"I don't suppose you have the makings for an old fashion?"

Mac's eyes twitch and he shakes his head, "No. no. no, I've told you no, we are dry, fucking dry, beer, only beer, motherfucker."

Chadwick holds up his hands, "Then I'll take a pitcher of beer and three pint glasses please."

Mac produces the requested items in short order, and Chadwick slams a twenty on the bar.  "I'm likely to be back for more."

Chadwick balances the three cups in one hand and the pitcher in the other as he makes his way back to lane four.  They bowl for an hour, refilling the pitcher of beer every third frame, and their score descends into the depths of gutter balls, and completely missed lanes.

Seven frames into their second game, Victor's ears twitch, and he locks onto the sound of the front door opening.  Metal on concrete rings out, and Victor stands up, facing the door.  Chadwick and Kyle follow suit, and the sound of metal canisters rolling on the ground train their eyes on smoke beginning to billow out from the entrance hallway.

All three jump into action as the realization of tear gas flashes across their minds.  Chadwick is the first to act.  He spins around, and his legs pump hard against the ground, accelerating him towards the pins of lane four.  With only a few feet to spare, he drops down, extending a leg towards the pins, and continues an effortless slide through the pins, and into the access walkway behind the lanes.

Victor jumps forward towards the nearest canister of tear gas, picks it up, and tosses it towards lane seven at the far end of the alley.  His toss goes long, but the canister bounces off the wall, and settles next to the lead pin of lane seven, gas beginning to fill the access walkway.

Kyle charges towards the door, and kicks one of the canisters back out of the building.  The gas is heavy in the entrance way, and the light from outside renders the forms of the men entering the building as outlines of black shapes against the white haze.  Quick evaluation of the situation shows six people in full military gear in a V formation advancing through the doorway.  Their shouts muddle together in a cacophony of jargon and callsigns.

Victor's movements are methodical as he waves his fingers over the finger fan of the lane and picks up two bowling balls, one in each hand.  Kyle is continuing his charge, and Victor picks up his pace, coming along side Kyle.  In a coordinated movement, Kyle rips the helmet and gas mask off of the lead person, and Victor's arms swing back, turning up at the back end of the movement, coming parallel to the ground before redirecting forward, merging together in the center, where the man's head used to be.

The echoing clang of the two bowling balls hitting together is proceeded first by a cry of pain, the shrill tight vocal cords of the victim peeling out into the building.

The next sound that happens is a crunch, the momentum of the bowling balls buckling the weak points of the skull of the man, his temples caving in.  The crack muffled and silenced the scream of the man, leaving a ringing in Kyle's ears.

The final sound before the bowling balls crack together is a wet, slurping, popping sound, a water balloon filled with intestines and then subjected to a hydraulic press. It is a sound of memories fading, of thought ceasing, or the bowling balls splattering gray matter over the faces of Kyle and Victor and over the ceiling.  Wet slurping death.

Kyle's eyes are glued wide as the bowling balls crack together, and vomit bursts forth from deep in his stomach.  "For fuck's sake."  The two men behind the lead guy stop in their tracks and rips off their masks, their vomit mixing with Kyle's and the brain that begins to drip off the ceiling.

Three gun shots ring out across the bowling alley, and Chadwick is standing on the cashier's desk.  His shots connect with the trailing three men, one in the shoulder, two in the thighs.  They drop down in pain, screams covering the sound of the retching.

"Vic, what the fuck did you do?"

"Involuntary 7-10 split, innit?"

Kyle makes short work of restraining the remaining agents with plastic zip ties, his eyes avoid the mass of flesh that until a moment ago was the first agent and avoiding Victor entirely.  Once restrained, Kyle looks them over.  "Department of Homeland Security?"

One of the agents nods his head.  The label on his uniform says "Jones".  Kyle bends down in front of him, "Were you here to assist LOGIC?"

Jones nods again, "Yes, we were told they were being held captive.  Agent Parker sent us after that fucking mop head called in for backup."

"Well, shit."

"My men are hurt, they need medical attention."

Chadwick jumps down off the counter and walks over, "Shouldn't be anything life threatening, I was aiming for flesh wounds."

"Even still, they've been shot."

"Chadwick, please phone Riley, he has some training as a field medic."

Chadwick walks off, and begins dialing his mobile.

"Jones, is it?"  Jones nods as Kyle continues, "I am terribly sorry for the reaction of my junior agent, but we are here on a mission, and I believe your intervention may have compromised that mission."

"Sort your shit out, man, I want to take my men and get out of here."

"I think you won't be able to do that quite yet, Jones.  I'm going to have to ask you to help us.  We'll need to borrow your clothes, so we can infiltrate the tunnels."

Riley appears in the doorway, "Find me a medicine kit."

"And Riley, once you patch these boys up, find the surveillance camera, and deal with the owner.  I believe he passed out behind the counter."

Riley salutes Kyle, his motions tinged with sarcasm, and begins to inspect the three wounded men.  The two thigh wounds are only grazed, allowing Riley to clean and bandage them in no time.  The shoulder wound, however, was solid, and the bullet is still in the wound.

"I'm not going to be much good on this one.  The bullet's in there pretty deep.  He needs a hospital."

"That is not possible at this time, Riley, do your best."

"There is no best here, K.  If I try to remove the bullet, he could bleed out.  Patch him over, there are other problems.  He needs a hospital."

Jones stands up, "My men, my call.  Get him to a hospital and we'll help with the breach and clear."

Kyle bites the inside of his mouth, "How did you get here?"

"Chopper rappel, man's still up there."

Chadwick leans against the desk, "Landing a helicopter in town would be a bit… suspicious."

Kyle nods his head, "We have lost any hopes of surprise.  Jones, do you have more tear gas?"

Jones nods and points to a black duffle bag near the door.

Kyle claps his hands together, "Brilliant, let's use the tear gas to clear the facilities.  We'll clear to the central storage facility where the petrol trucks are.  Riley can do his magic, and then clear the remaining with the tear gas.  Then blow the tunnels once we are reasonably certain everyone is out."

Jones is nodding his head along with Kyle's plan, "Sounds like a solid plan.  Martini, Allan, legs okay enough to go in?"

The shorter of the two agents that Chadwick grazed in the thigh shakes his head.  "No sir."

"Understood, give these boys your uniforms then."  He motions to Chadwick and Riley.  Martini and Allan stand and begin to disrobe, handing their uniforms to Chadwick and Riley.  After donning the uniforms, Chadwick slaps Riley on the back, "You look like a child playing at war in that uniform."

Victor looks around, "What about me?"

Jones points to the man's body, "Becker was a good man.  Wife and new born at home.  I should arrest you, get you tried for murder…"

Kyle places a hand on Jones' shoulder, "but right now, we have a mission, and I trust that LOGIC will compensate his widow well.  Victor, grab the uniform from Becker's body.  Be respectful."

Victor nods, and tends to removing the uniform and getting himself dressed.

Jones, and the boys from LOGIC exit the back door of the bowling alley and cross the field behind.  Chadwick is filling in details, "from what we gathered, every municipal building and business contains one of the labs.  Most are accessible from the storm cellars.  The library should be a viable starting location."

Riley chimes in, "And once we get to the central storage, I'll rig the trucks to blow, remote detonation.  Same little thing I wiped up for the father's neck.  Oh, I better use a different frequency."

Victor laughs, "Wouldn't be the first time you've blow a priest's head, wouldn'tit?" No one responds to Victor, "Oh come on, that's a fucking riot."  More silence.

***

Jones' feet bang into the cellar storm, but it does not budge.  The sound of muffled confusion wafts from beneath.  "All together, we should be able to break it open."  All four of them jump in unison, and the door splinters, a fissure opening between the two halves, and Jones drops a tear gas canister into the crack.

Confusion and panic sets in below, as the Chadwick and Victor pry the latch off the doors and swing them up and out of the way.  Masks down, they descend into the lair below as the tail end of a few people disappear down the tunnels.

Jones motions to the left, and they advance through the left tunnel, moving slow with guns trained forward.  "Stay close," his voice cracks over their ear pieces.

One by one, they clear the labs as they make their way towards the central storage facility.  When they reach the facility, the heavy metal doors are closed, and a small control panel is situated in the middle of them.  Chadwick laces his fingers together and turning his palm outward, cracks his knuckles, "Allow me."

He steps towards the panel and inspects it.  Retina scanner.  "This is quite high tech for this operation."

Riley steps forward, but Chadwick puts his hand up, "Back up, boy, I have this well in hand."  Chadwick begins to fiddle with the scanner, opening the back panel, and inspecting wires.  Riley rolls his eyes as Chadwick continues to inspect the device.

Chadwick looks at the panel and notices that the locked light is not illuminated.  He coughs, and replaces the access panel above the control panel.  He wipes his hands together and turns around to face the rest of the crew, "Done, it's unlocked now."

Riley nods his head, "good job, Chadwick."

Chadwick shrugs, "really, it was nothing."

The heavy metal doors scrape across the ground as Jones and Victor pull them open.  Kyle motions to the three tanker trucks parked in the bay, "Riley, get to work.  We'll continue clearing the rest of the tunnels and meet you back here."

Riley nods, and heads towards the trucks.  The rest of the team continues down the hallway.  Riley takes off his backpack and pulls out a small black box with wires sticking out of it, and a small oled screen on it.

He looks around at the trucks and fishes his hands back into his backpack.  He produces a brick of gray clay, and pulls three large pieces off of it, and drops to the ground, rolling under the middle truck.  "Gas tank of the cab, ignites the larger tank in the back.  Yeah, I think that should work." He mutters to himself as he is smoothing the clay over the fuel lines and where they connect to the tank.

He rolls back from underneath, grabbing the black box from the ground, and rolls back, pressing the box into the clay.  He connects two small red cylinders to wires from the box and press those into the clay also.

"I hope Charlie survives this whole thing."  He rolls out from under the truck, and stands up.  A man in a lab coat and a face mask is standing in the doorway, back towards Riley who ducks back under the truck when he sees the man.  The man and two others enter the room, small calibre pistols in hand as they look around.

Riley steadies his breath, waiting.  The men walk around the room, guns following their eyes high and low, but none of them think to check under the truck and after a tense thirty minutes of searching, they leave, unaware of Riley's presence.

The sound of gun shots rings out from the tunnels behind the door, and Riley's heart threatens to escape from his chest.  "Clear" yells from the hallway, and Jones enters the room.  "Riley?"

Riley shimmies forward, leaving the truck behind and stands, "holy fuck."

"All set?"

Riley nods, and grabs his backpack from under the truck, "Rigged and ready to blow."

"Like every saturday night, yeah?" Victor pops his head into the room and smiles at Riley.

Jones pushes Victor back into the tunnel, and motions for Riley to follow.  They race back through the tunnels, exiting through the access hatch of Sheila's diner.  

Victor strips off the uniform, and slips through the back door of Sheila's diner before anyone can stop him.  He emerges from the backdoor with a full peach pie and five forks.

The streets are littered with people, and all of the agents skirt behind buildings until they are a safe distance away from the crowd.  They walk towards a small house with a low set roofline and climb on top, and sit down, facing the center of town. Kyle looks at Riley, "Ready?"

Riley nods, and types a few commands into his small laptop, and the ground shakes underneath, first small tremors, and then one large tremor proceeded by a large boom from deep in the earth.

Riley exchanges looks with Chadwick who then exchanges looks with Kyle and Victor in turn.  Jones is smoking a cigar.  The church is the first to go.  A mixture of fire and dirt explodes from the fabled stained glass windows of Christ the Redeemer Church.  One by one, buildings across town spew fire and dirt into the streets.

A panic sets in around the town, people are screaming, running, trampling each other as they try to avoid the explosions.  People exit their homes to look at the commotion, and the smoke obscures the setting sun, casting the town into shadows.  Riley looks at Kyle, "Oh, crap, I'm going to hell.  I forgot to let the priest out of the confessional."
---